Satellite TV | Bell TV | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home TV Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Bell Satellite TV Why Bell Packages Equipment Fibe TV app change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Satellite TV Bell Satellite TV View all plans Edit Find available services and offers When autocomplete results are available, use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. View all plans See if Satellite TV is available at your address. Check availability Do you need more time to make a selection? To prevent a timeout, please continue your session. Time left: 00:00 For your security, your session will expire shortly due to inactivity. Time left: 10 minutes Continue Session timeout Due to inactivity, your session has timed out. Start over Check availability of Bell Fibe TV Loading data. Please wait... Get the best satellite TV service and watch what you love on all your screens. Get Satellite TV today from Canada’s #1 TV provider.‡ From $25.00/mo. 25 dollars and 00 cents per month Whole Home PVR: rent for $15/mo. or purchase at $499. See packages See packages Bell Streamer The new Bell Streamer brings your shows and movies, as well as Google Play apps, right to your TV screen. All this in a tiny device controlled by our easy-to-use remote with Google Assistant built right in. Access your favourite content in one place including the Fibe TV app,1 Crave, Netflix, Prime Video, YouTube and many more.2 Download apps from the thousands available on Google Play, including games, podcasts, music and fitness apps. Use our simple remote or Google Assistant to easily search for content, pause what you’re watching, control your home and more. Stream movies videos and apps straight from your mobile devices to your big screen with Chromecast built in. Enjoy breathtaking 4K HDR picture quality. Get brighter, sharper images and deeper colours when you watch 4K content* on a 4K TV. *Subscription to a 4K Streaming service required.3 Price $79.95 Buy now Watch on the most devices The best TV app gives you the flexibility to watch TV on more devices than any other provider. Enjoy amazing content on your mobile devices, computer or big screen with the Bell Streamer†, Google ChromecastTM†, Android TV†, Amazon Fire TV†, Apple TV† or AirPlay†.4 † A Fibe Internet subscription is required. Bell Streamer Learn more Android Apple Google Chromecast Amazon Fire TV Android TV Apple TV Easily access Crave and Netflix right from your Whole Home PVR.2 Our Whole Home PVR The Whole Home PVR technology allows you to set, watch and manage your recordings as well as pause and rewind live TV on all your TVs.5 On Demand Watch what you want, when you want with the most on demand movies and shows. Learn more Live Discover the popular shows and hit TV series on air. Learn more Build your package Discover our basic channel line-up as well as our à la carte channels and popular add-ons. Learn more Switch to Satellite TV today. Get the best satellite TV service. Enjoy a credit of $10/mo.* for 1 year on the Good TV package. Right now, pay just: $73.00/mo. Current price $83.00/mo. Prices may increase during subscription. Learn more Channel details Build your own bundle Select the services you want in your bundle, including Internet, TV, Mobility and Home phone. Build your bundle Channel details Additional details Fibe TV app is available with select compatible devices. Download & Go is only available for recordings and select on demand content which require a subscription on smartphones and tablets. Requires mobile network or Wi-Fi connection (except to watch your downloaded content). A PVR is required to manage and watch your recordings; recordings available for maximum 60 days with the Fibe TV app. Select live and on demand channels/content from your Satellite TV subscription is available for viewing. More channels/content are available over Wi-Fi at your home with a Bell Internet connection vs. with a third party Internet connection or outside your home. Content viewed over Wi-Fi at home will count towards your monthly Internet data usage (if applicable). Mobile data charges may apply. Channels/content subject to change without notice and blackout periods may apply. Viewing live content with Bell Streamer, Google Chromecast, Apple TV (4th gen. or 4K box), Amazon Fire TV (basic edition or higher), Android TV (Google-certified) or AirPlay is only available within your home and an unlimited Bell Internet connection is required. Viewing on the Fibe TV app is available up to HD and picture quality may vary based on Internet speeds. Other conditions apply. A separate subscription to Netflix, Prime Video and Crave services is required to view content. Viewing content on Netflix, Prime Video and YouTube will count towards your monthly Internet data usage. 4K picture quality requires a 4K TV and 4K programming from a separate subscription to Netflix, Prime Video or other streaming services is required to view content in 4K. Fibe TV app is available with select compatible devices. Download & Go is only available for recordings and select on demand content which require a subscription on smartphones and tablets. Requires mobile network or Wi-Fi connection (except to watch your downloaded content). A PVR is required to manage and watch your recordings; recordings available for maximum 60 days with the Fibe TV app. Select live and on demand channels/content from your Satellite TV subscription is available for viewing. More channels/content are available over Wi-Fi at your home with a Bell Internet connection vs. with a third party Internet connection or outside your home. Content viewed over Wi-Fi at home will count towards your monthly Internet data usage (if applicable). Mobile data charges may apply. Channels/content subject to change without notice and blackout periods may apply. Viewing live content with Bell Streamer, Google Chromecast, Apple TV (4th gen. or 4K box), Amazon Fire TV (basic edition or higher), Android TV (Google-certified) or AirPlay is only available within your home and an unlimited Bell Internet connection is required. Viewing on the Fibe TV app is available up to HD and picture quality may vary based on Internet speeds. Other conditions apply. Limit of two Whole Home PVRs per account. ©2019 Disney/Pixar. Crave, STARZ, and all associated logos are trademarks of Bell Media Inc. All rights reserved. All images, artwork and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. ‡Based on the number of TV subscribers in Canada. More ways to shop Chat Live Call us at 1 866 845-2998 Book an appointment Find a store Appointment options At a store Meet with a representative to learn more about our latest products, services and offerings. Book an appointment Have us call you now Skip the waiting time and get the next available representative to call you now. Have us call you now Over the phone Have a Bell representative call you at the time of your choosing. Request a call back Channel details Additional details Close modal Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.