Researchers secure $2.5 million to advance groundbreaking sexual violence prevention program | DailyNews Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR MENU FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR DailyNews DailyNews In this section Current Issue Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Sign up to subscribe Contact DailyNews Current Issue Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Sign up to subscribe Contact DailyNews Student actors Olivia Sasso and Ewen Van Wagner review with Charlene Senn a script for an educational film on sexual assault resistance. Researchers secure $2.5 million to advance groundbreaking sexual violence prevention program Oct 23rd, 2024 Two University of Windsor professors will further their innovative work in sexual assault resistance education thanks to a $2.5 million investment from the Public Health Agency of Canada. Charlene Senn, a professor of psychology and women’s and gender studies, and Sara Crann, an adjunct professor of psychology, will use the funding to expand the Girls - Flip the Script with EAAA program, a sexual assault resistance initiative designed for high school-aged girls across Canada. The funding is part of a larger $14.5 million federal initiative to prevent youth dating violence. The Girls - Flip the Script with EAAA program empowers girls with the knowledge and skills to trust their own judgement and effectively resist acquaintance sexual assault. The program will now be delivered by different types of community-based organizations beginning in Ontario and British Columbia. The initiative will assess how best to deliver the program in community settings and evaluate the program’s effects on 1,000 adolescent girls in those communities. “We know from our previous research that Flip the Script works. Young women in university who participate in the program are significantly less likely to experience sexual assault,” said Dr. Senn. “This funding allows us to expand the program’s reach to adolescent girls in the community and gives us the opportunity to work with community organizations to ensure the program can be delivered effectively to even more young women across the country in the future.” The Public Health Agency of Canada’s investment will fund this project over the next five years, contributing $2,495,736 to support the development of new delivery models and rigorous testing of the program in community settings. Announced by Ya'ara Saks, federal minister of mental health and addictions, this funding is part of Canada’s ongoing efforts to foster safe environments where young people can develop healthy relationships free from abuse. Saks emphasized the importance of supporting interventions like Flip the Script in empowering youth and preventing dating violence. “Young people deserve to grow up in safe, nurturing environments, free from the fear of violence and abuse, especially in their romantic relationships. By supporting these 11 initiatives, we are giving young people across Canada more tools and resources to foster healthy relationships and build a better, safer future for themselves and their communities,” said Saks. Shanthi Johnson, UWindsor vice-president, research and innovation, said Senn’s research is reshaping how sexual violence prevention is addressed. “The Flip the Script program has empowered countless girls and women, and with this new phase, it will reach even more young people,” Dr. Johnson said. “This is a powerful example of how research at the University of Windsor is making a tangible difference in communities.” In addition to receiving this funding, Senn was recently recognized as a Distinguished University Professor at the UWindsor Oct. 17 Convocation ceremony, further highlighting her outstanding contributions to research and education. For more information about the program and upcoming developments, visit the Sexual Assault Resistance Education Centre website. Charlene Senn Sara Crann Robert Aguirre Shanthi Johnson Strategic Priority: Research and Creative Activity Safety and Sustainability Academic Area: Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences Psychology Research share post save IT Services UWinsite Student Disruption - Wednesday, November 6 (Resolved) Nov 6, 2024 UWinsite Finance Refresh - Tuesday, November 5 Nov 5, 2024 UWindsor Daily News website under maintenance - Monday, October 28 Oct 28, 2024 Website and application disruption – Monday, October 28 Oct 28, 2024 Campus Wi-Fi Disruption - Friday, October 18 from 6:00 a.m. – 8:00 a.m. Oct 17, 2024 Internal Job Postings Nov 6, 2024 - Work-Integrated Learning Coordinator 'VI' in the Office of Experiential Learning - Co-operative Education & Workplace Partnerships (substitute until approx. Oct. 26/25) Equipment for Sale Oct 30, 2024 - Glasses, Tables, Chairs and Various Kitchen/Restaurant Items for Sale by Bid share post save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency and Crisis Services Follow us on X (Twitter) Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram