Track your online order - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Support / Track your order online Track your order Chat with Anna, our Virtual Assistant to check on your order status, or follow the steps below to track a recent Rogers order. Get real time updates on your recent mobile, 5G Home Internet, Ignite and Home Security orders. Select which order you’d like to track. Mobile or 5G Home Internet Rogers Xfinity Track your order online Sign in to track a mobile, 5G Home Internet or Rogers Xfinity order with ease on rogers.com or use the steps track your order on the carrier’s website. Check the email we sent you for your tracking number and the carrier that is delivering your package. Note: Occasionally, due to a high volume of orders, it can take up to 2 business days for you to receive the tracking email. Go to the appropriate carrier website below and paste in the tracking number from your email to get an update on your order. Canada Post FedEx Purolator Note: Purolator orders will receive an SMS. Ensure that the contact number on your MyRogers profile is up to date. Track your mobile or 5G Home Internet order using the MyRogers app Open the MyRogers app on your device and sign-in with your username and password. Don’t have the app? Get it on Google Play or the App store. From the More tab, select Order tracking. A list of active orders and their statuses will display. When an order is in Shipped status, you can select Track shipment to get the latest updates on delivery. FAQs How long does it typically take for me to receive my online order? Your order should arrive within 2-5 business days unless otherwise indicated on the device page. Devices on pre-order or backorder will take longer to arrive. We’ll indicate this at the time of your purchase. Learn more about online orders. Are there shipping fees? Yes, visit our Administrative charges page to learn more. What do I do if my order is being shipped to a Rogers store? We’ll notify you when your order is ready for pick up at the store. This usually takes 2-5 business days after a device has been shipped. How do I cancel an order that is still in transit? To return or exchange a device you just ordered, please contact us. Learn more about returning wireless devices or rental equipment.