SoCA Events | School of Creative Arts (SoCA) Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR MENU FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR School of Creative Arts (SoCA) School of Creative Arts (SoCA) In this section Welcome to SoCA Future SoCA Students Film Production, BFA Music Visual Arts Visual Arts and the Built Environment (VABE) Master of Fine Arts (MFA) SoCA Events SoCA Gallery SoCA Room Booking Policies SoCA Rooms -Booking Noiseborder Ensemble INCUBATOR art lab UWindsor Lab School Humanities Research Group GA/ TA Postings in SoCA Sessional Postings Special Instructor Job Postings Songs for a Scholarship, Catherine McKeever Memorial Buy Tickets SoCA Armouries Restoration Wins Award SoCA 'Shops In Memoriam of David Palmer Welcome to SoCA Future SoCA Students Film Production, BFA Music Visual Arts Visual Arts and the Built Environment (VABE) Master of Fine Arts (MFA) SoCA Events SoCA Gallery SoCA Room Booking Policies SoCA Rooms -Booking Noiseborder Ensemble INCUBATOR art lab UWindsor Lab School Humanities Research Group GA/ TA Postings in SoCA Sessional Postings Special Instructor Job Postings Songs for a Scholarship, Catherine McKeever Memorial Buy Tickets SoCA Armouries Restoration Wins Award SoCA 'Shops In Memoriam of David Palmer UWindsor Home School of Creative Arts (SoCA) SoCA Events SoCA Events Concerts, Guest Artists, Exhibitions, Talks and Recitals Opening event - Classical Faculty Recital - COMPLETED - Thank you for attending! UPCOMING EVENTS Dr. Nicholas Papador and the Heartland Marimba Quartet Vessels of Song PASIC Preview Concert and Book Launch: The Precedents and Creation of Klezmer Suites for Mallet Ensemble November 12, 2024, 7:30pm Performance Hall, Armouries, 353 Freedom Way Dr. Nicholas Papador and the world-class Heartland Marimba Quartet (HMQ) will perform and discuss selections from Papador's collection of klezmer suites for mallet percussion entitled Vessels of Song. The presentation will provide a precedent for klezmer performance on mallet instruments through contributions of a small but significant line of performers. Michel Józef Guzikow built his own instrument, the ‘stroyfidl,’ a xylophone prototype. His tour of Western Europe in the 1830s was a catalyst for the development of the orchestral xylophone. After the Ashkenazi immigration to North America, klezmer underwent a diasporic transformation as its musicians explored jazz and popular music. Joseph Moskowitz elevated the role of dulcimer instruments in New York and Jacob Hoffmann recorded as a xylophone soloist with the Kandel Orchestra in the 1920s. Furthermore, attendees will hear and learn about enjoyable new ensemble literature with poignant historical and cultural significance. The program includes music from Papador's new arrangements: The Forebearers Suite, The Philadelphia Suite, The New York Suites (#1 & #2), and the Ukrainian Suite. Percussionist and composer Nicholas Papador is Full Professor at the University of Windsor School of Creative Arts in Ontario, Canada. Heartland Marimba Publications released his book Vessels of Song: A Collection of Klezmer Suites for Mallet Ensemble in early 2024. Papador has presented internationally at events such as The Space Between, Transplanted Roots, Puerto Rico Conservatory International Percussion Festival, and PASIC. His recording credits include Marimba Collage (2022) and Points of Departure (2015). Additionally, he was an on-screen performer in Matthew Barney’s six-hour film opera, River of Fundament. Since its inception in 2016, HMQ has performed at over 250 concerts nationwide. HMQ offers a broad platform for the music of American and international composers. The ensemble’s four members — Matthew Coley, Ryan Pearson, Marco Schirripa, and Hunter Gross — form a virtuosic and electrifying ensemble. HMQ has been featured as soloists with the Dubuque Symphony Orchestra, Cheyenne Symphony, Minot Symphony, the University of Nebraska-Omaha Wind Ensemble, Millikin University Percussion Ensemble, and the International Marimba Orchestra. In 2022, HMQ was a featured guest artist at the World Marimba Competition in Stuttgart, Germany. The quartet released their debut album, VISION, in 2019 and is featured on other albums by Schirripa and Coley. Dedicated to bringing marimba performance to all communities, especially those underserved, HMQ provides numerous opportunities for artists, composers, and students at various stages of their careers. In line with this mission, HMQ was awarded a grant from New Music USA in 2020 and launched the New Quartets Project Consortium, commissioning six women composers. HMQ is committed to enriching the musical landscape and inspiring audiences through performance and community engagement. This lecture/recital event is free and open to the public University Wind Ensemble - Tone Poems and the Dramatic Stories Behind the Music Friday, November 29, 2024, 7:30pm Capitol Theatre, 121 University Ave. W. The Wind Ensemble performance begins with an opening fanfare, A Festival Prelude, by Alfred Reed. The remainder of the first half of the program will feature orchestral transcriptions for wind ensemble. The Water Music Suite by George Frideric Handel was a response to King George I's request for a concert on the River Thames and Overture to Rienzi was Richard Wagner’s 3rd completed opera. The story of the great ship “Titanic” was much in the news the past year. Swiss composer Stephan Jaeggi scored his tone poem Titanic: Dramatische Fantasie in 1927. Not to be confused with the 1997 movie of the same name, this composition, like all tone poems, tells the story of the fateful maiden voyage. Jim Curnow’s Canticle of the Creatures follows and is inspired by the writings of Saint Francis of Assisi. The suite succeeds in expressing his love for peace and his respect for all creatures. Each movement is a short tone poem that uses the modern wind ensemble as the vehicle for creating spectacular musical images. Borrowing from the influences of Wagner and the use of tone poems as a medium, John Williams has distinguished himself as both a musical storyteller and a master of the dramatic motif. John Williams: The Symphonic Marches is a perfect example of these compositional elements and includes among others in an Olympic year, the Los Angeles 1984 Olympic Fanfare & Theme. Buy tickets on the Capitol Theatre website University Jazz Ensemble Saturday, November 30, 2024, 7:30pm Capitol Theatre, 121 University Ave. W. Enjoy an evening with the University Jazz Ensemble under the direction of Robert Fazecash. This ensemble is comprised of current music students and augmented with some alumni. In addition to the ensemble, the concert will feature instrumental and vocal soloists performing a wide variety of styles from jazz legends and popular songwriters. Buy Tickets on the Capitol Theatre Website Songs of the Season (Festival of Christmas) Saturday, December 7, 2024, 7:30pm Assumption Church Join our School of Creative Arts choirs as well as guest performers from the School of Dramatic Art for a performance of seasonal favourites and a dramatic "radio show" production of Dickens' "A Christmas Carol." Buy Tickets Online Dr. Philip Adamson, piano - Moments Musicaux Saturday, January 25, 2025, 7:30pm Performance Hall, SoCA Armouries, 353 Freedom Way Join Dr. Adamson for a solo piano recital featuring Schubert's Moments musicals, D. 780 and Rakhmaninov's Moments musicaux, Op. 16. Buy Tickets Online Third Annual Jazz Faculty Concert - featuring Shahida Nurullah Sunday, February 2, 2025, 2:30pm Capitol Theatre, 121 University Ave. W. Join our incredible jazz performance faculty for the third annual performance. This year we will focus on some great vocal tunes, sung by our favourite jazz singer, Shahida Nurullah. Alumni Recital - Dr. Ross Osmun, piano Saturday, March 1, 2025, 7:30pm Performance Hall, SoCA Armouries, 353 Freedom Way Alumnus Dr. Ross Osmun returns to the School of Creative Arts in a solo piano recital. Dr. Osmun will also be holding a piano masterclass for our students. Details to be announced. Buy Tickets Online Jazz Cabaret, featuring the University Jazz Ensemble Saturday, March 29, 2025, 7:30pm Alumni Auditorium, CAW Student Centre, University Main Campus. Join the university jazz ensemble for a concert set of great arrangements followed by a great set of favourite jazz tunes that will set your feet tapping and get you on the floor dancing. Light refreshments served with a cash bar. Buy Tickets Online Alumni Weekend! Alumni Wind Ensemble Concert Friday, April 4, 2025, 7:30pm Capitol Theatre, 121 University Ave. W. Join the University Wind Ensemble for this wind concert, including a performance by a massed ensemble including our alumni over the years. Alumni, watch for more details for how you can be a part of this event! Alumni Choir Concert Sunday, April 6, 2025, 2:30pm Capitol Theatre, 121 University Ave. W. Ring in Spring with a powerful concert of choir selections and a massed choir singing Carl Orff's famous work, Carmina Burana. Performance will include the Windsor Symphony Orchestra Chorus and choir alumni are encouraged to join and sing this amazing work. Watch for more details about rehearsals and how to participate. Tags: SoCA Music Visual Arts VABE Film production share post save share post save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency and Crisis Services Follow us on X (Twitter) Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram