Rogers 5G Home Internet – Rural Internet - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. 5G Home Internet for $60/mo. Plug & Play. Risk free, try for 30 days. Your plan includes your choice of device. View details For home use 5G Home Internet Gateway Supports multiple connections in your home Easy set up, just plug and play New customers Existing customers For internet on the go 5G Home Internet Hotspot Compact design to take with you Stay connected on the go with a high capacity battery New customers Existing customers For Rogers customers that only have Home services, contact us at 1-866-586-4421 to get your 5G Home Internet plan. 1-866-586-4421 Risk free, try for 30 days1 Easy Install lets you connect within minutes No commitment1 Download speeds of 100Mbps2. No data overage charges FAQs About Rogers 5G Home Internet I live in a remote area. Will I have good coverage for 5G Home Internet? If your Rogers mobile services have a good signal, it’s a likely indicator that you’ll also have good 5G Home Internet coverage. You can also refer to our coverage map for more details. Plus, we also offer a 30-day money back guarantee so you can try 5G Home Internet risk free. Other Ways to Buy Live chat Find a store Book appointment See full details Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. Rogers was ranked first in the umlaut Mobile Data Performance audit in 2022-2023. Visit https://www.umlaut.com/en/benchmarking/canada ± Offer subject to change without notice. Taxes extra You can cancel your 5G Home Internet service anytime and return the Home Internet device without any further commitment. If you cancel the service, you must return the device within 30 days, or be subject to a $200 charge. If you cancel the service within the first 30 days, Rogers will refund the monthly service fee and there will be no further commitment. 500 GB at download speeds of up to 100Mbps and upload speeds of up to 10Mbps. After exceeding 500GB, download speeds of up to 10 Mbps and upload speeds of up to 2Mbps. When streaming, download speeds of up to 3 Mbps, good for videos up to 720p HD. Actual speeds experienced will vary based on various factors, including placement of the Rogers 5G Home Internet device within your home, network coverage, signal strength, home construction materials, customer’s connected device(s), topography, environmental conditions and internet traffic and network management practices (see rogers.com/terms for Rogers Network Management Policy and Wireless Home Internet Policy).