Mobile, Internet, TV, Home Monitoring, Home phone - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Shop Mobile online and save the $70 Service Set Up Fee. Plus, enjoy no shipping fees on select devices with in-store pickup. Shop now Pixel 9 for $0/month* Bringing a loved one to your account? Pair the Pixel 9 with a $49/month (after Auto-Pay) additional line plan! * After bill credit, for 24 months with phone returned, on select plans. Setup Service Fee ($70) may apply. Get it online Switch to Canada’s fastest and most reliable internet. Awarded by Opensignal±. Internet starts from $ 60 .00 /mo Buy now Get on Canada’s largest and most reliable 5G network.1 5G mobile plans starting from $ 50 .00 /mo After Auto-Pay when you bring your own phone and when paired with a Home service. Learn more Check out our top deals Black Friday Event Samsung Galaxy S24 for $0/month! After bill credit, with eligible trade-in, for 24 months with phone returned, on select plans. Setup Service Fee ($70) may apply. Full price: $1,358.64 Learn more BLACK FRIDAY EVENT Save up to $20/mo on Rogers Xfinity Internet. Stay connected this holiday season. Shop internet Black Friday Event iPhone 16 for as low as $2/month! For 24 months and eligible trade in with financing and Save & Return (return device within 2 years). Setup Service Fee ($70) applies. Full price $1161 Learn more Black Friday event Save up to $55/mo on Rogers Xfinity TV. Binge-watch all the holiday specials with Rogers Xfinity Internet and TV bundles. Shop From $ 39 .00 /mo Black Friday event Plans for the whole family, from $39/mo. Affordable 5G plans with 50GB of data when you bring your own device (after Automatic Payments Discount). Available for additional lines only. Get it now Get $100 off with a Rogers credit card when you shop online! Get any Internet & TV bundle online and get $100 in credits on your Rogers credit card statements. Get it now Sign in for exclusive Black Friday offers! Check out amazing plan and phone deals made just for you. Sign in View all offers What are you looking for today? Rogers Bank Mobile Internet TV Home Security Support Introducing Rogers Xfinity for your home. Learn more 3% cash back value Exclusively with Rogers. Learn more Now get iPhone 16 with 50% lower monthly payments A sweet pairing. Finance iPhone 16 128GB over 48 months at 0% with a Equal Payment Plan using the Rogers Red Mastercard and enjoy lower monthly payments by up to 50%. No interest, no mobile term contract needed.2 Learn more Discover endless entertainment. Shop TV bundles Previous Next Pause Go to slide 1 Go to slide 2 Go to slide 3 Go to slide 4 Go to slide 5 Go to slide 6 Go to slide 7 Canada's communications & entertainment company. Find out more Relentlessly driven to connect and entertain Canadians. Canada’s largest and most reliable 5G Network1 Canada’s fastest and most reliable Internet± Canada’s top destination for entertainment Canada’s #1 sports network Want to get the latest news about our offers? Sign up to learn more about our limited time deals from Rogers. Sign up Connect with us Chat with Anna My Rogers, On the Go. Manage your account, check your usage or upgrade your device anytime, anywhere. See full details ±Claim(s) based on winning National Overall Experience awards for Download Speed, Reliability Experience, Consistent Quality and Video Experience. Opensignal Awards - Canada: Fixed Broadband Experience Report May 2024, based on independent analysis of average fixed broadband measurements across all technologies recorded during the period Feb 1 - Apr 30, 2024 © 2024 Opensignal Limited. Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. Rogers was ranked first in the umlaut Mobile Data Performance audits in 2023-2024. For details visit www.umlaut.com/benchmarking. Offer available to primary cardholders only on purchases of $250 or more made in a participating Rogers, Fido or Shaw-branded store using your Rogers Bank credit card. Terms of 36 or 48 months available. Offer must be accepted by the primary cardholder by submitting the request form with a Rogers representative at the time of purchase. Request cannot be made through your online Rogers Bank account or in any other manner. In order to qualify, at the time you submit your request: your account must be in good standing, you must have less than 6 Equal Payment Plans on your account and the outstanding balance on your account must be equal to or greater than the amount of the purchase. It may take up to 10 calendar days after submitting the request form for your purchase to be converted to an Equal Payment Plan. During the term of the Equal Payment Plan, interest will be calculated on the outstanding Equal Payment Plan balance at an annual interest rate of 0%. There is no interest payable from the date of the purchase up to the date the eligible purchase is converted to an Equal Payment Plan. Xfinity marks and logos are trademarks of Comcast Corporation, used under license. © 2024 Comcast undefined