Our Services | Public Affairs & Communications Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR MENU FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR Public Affairs & Communications Public Affairs & Communications In this section Home Our Services Service Request Resources Media News Releases Fast Facts DailyNews Aspire: Together For Tomorrow Home Our Services Service Request Resources Media News Releases Fast Facts DailyNews Aspire: Together For Tomorrow UWindsor Home Public Affairs & Communications Our Services Our Services The PAC team is available to assist you in promoting your news, events, and initiatives. Use our Client Services Form to share your needs and we’ll put a plan in place to meet your goals and maximize impact with your audience. We are a full-service shop offering our clients a wide range of complimentary services. Strategic Communications Planning PAC can help you develop an outreach strategy tailored so you achieve optimal results with your ideal audience and meet your goals. Members of our team will meet with you to determine a plan of action that considers your audience, timeline, budget, and goals. We provide graphic design services and AV Event production, audio recordings, photography and videography, media relations development and analytics, web design, and Daily News outreach. Working closely with you, PAC will craft and support implementing a comprehensive communications strategy, developing assets and supporting your project’s unique needs. Media Services Sharing the University of Windsor story with the public and members of the media is among the most effective ways of enhancing the University’s profile and reputation, as well as reaching donors, funding agencies, and policymakers. As a publicly funded institution it is vital that we demonstrate the teaching, research, and creative activity taking place at the University of Windsor has relevance and is making an important impact on the world around us. Professional collaborations depend increasingly on how individuals are seen in the media. Oftentimes, the first point of contact a potential colleague or research partner has with another researcher is online. Engaging through both conventional and digital media is a shortcut to these valuable and potentially career-changing partnerships. Whether you are a researcher, or an institutional leader tasked with managing a front-facing issue, Media Services can help you facilitate those all-important connections and make optimal use of opportunities to get the University of Windsor story in front of the right audience. We offer situational briefing and messaging services, as well as guidance and support before, during, and after your media interview so you’re confident and prepared. Customized group and individual coaching are also available. For assistance with media outreach and training please visit and complete the Client Services Form. DailyNews DailyNews is the University of Windsor’s electronic newsletter, featuring events, photos, and stories about campus newsmakers.  Subscribers to DailyNews, both on-campus and off, share and discover the latest research and updates on important campus initiatives through engaging storytelling. Please use a Client Services Form to share your news and information with DailyNews. NOTE: Items must be submitted by 2 p.m. two days prior to publication.  Visit the DailyNews website to subscribe to the daily newsletter. Graphic Design and Publication Services Our talented and creative staff of accredited graphic designers will work closely with you to find design solutions that meet your needs and expectations. Working from your accurate and comprehensive content, PAC’s designers provide inspirational design that turn heads and deliver messages that are on point.   Services include consultation and on-brand design of faculty and departmental: web banners;  stationery; signage; conference materials; posters and invitations; direct mail pieces; and social media graphics. Production Services The skilled production and audio-visual support team can provide a variety of rich media services, support or consultation to promote your project, department, faculty or public event including: Event Production – Consultation and/or support of in-person and/or public-facing virtual and hybrid events and audio-visual technical support Event Documentation – digital photography, video, audio and livestreaming Promotional Photography – promotional photography for marketing purposes Promotional Videography – produce, film and edit short promotional video includes script consultation, story-boarding, dissemination and graphics Audio Editing and Recording – podcasts, voice-overs and audio sweetening NOTE: A creative or event brief meeting with the Manager of Production and Communications must be scheduled prior to the undertaking of any production after a request has been submitted. During this part of the collaborative process, together we will: Determine the client’s needs Consult on the best approach to meet client goals Additional information needs from the client required by PAC to proceed Create and agree on timelines and a work back schedule Budgetary considerations From initial submission to final delivery, Media Production Services can require several weeks or months to execute the request and is dependent on a variety of factors including current workload and competing priorities. The planning and consultation stage is a vital part of any Media Production request to ensure your deadline expectations are met. Plan early for the best success! To initiate the process and set up a creative/event brief, please visit the Client Services Form. Social Media Social media has a vital role to play in community engagement and outreach world-wide, as University of Windsor faculty, students, and staff take part in teaching, research, and creative activity both on campus and in the wider community.  The University of Windsor’s global presence continues to expand and so must our presence and leadership on social media channels. These channels provide us with outstanding opportunities to listen and be heard as we share the impact of pivotal UWindsor research and student successes.  Through meaningful and strategic social media practices, you not only advance the reputation of the University of Windsor, but you enhance your personal teaching, learning, and research profile among audiences that count.  Our Social Media Policy (link to policy - pending) provides guidelines on standards and best practices that represent the highest ideals of the University of Windsor. PAC’s Multi Media Coordinator is also available to share your institutional message on the University’s official social media channels, as well as to provide guidance and training on reach, paid vs. organic reach, and on as as-needed basis. Please visit the Client Services Form to explore next steps. Website Content and Design Assistance Public Affairs can assist departments in developing website content. The process must be driven by the department’s communications priorities and reflect its contributions to the University’s mission and strategic plan. Developing content can take months, depending on the complexity of the site and the number of individuals involved. Ready to work with PAC? Please visit and fill out the Client Services Form and a member of our team will be in touch with you within three business days to determine the best supports and needs for your project. View the Client Services Form share post save share post save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency and Crisis Services Follow us on X (Twitter) Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram