TV packages | Fibe TV | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home TV Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Fibe TV Why Bell Packages Equipment Fibe TV app 4K Promotions change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Fibe TV packages Fibe TV View all plans Edit Find available services and offers When autocomplete results are available, use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. View all plans See if Fibe TV is available at your address. Check availability Do you need more time to make a selection? To prevent a timeout, please continue your session. Time left: 00:00 For your security, your session will expire shortly due to inactivity. Time left: 10 minutes Continue Session timeout Due to inactivity, your session has timed out. Start over Check availability of Bell Fibe TV Loading data. Please wait... Fibe TV packages Fibe TV is powered by Fibe Internet so that you can enjoy live and on demand TV and access to thousands of apps all in one place. Also included: Access to the most popular channels Cloud PVR Fibe TV Box Voice Remote Fibe TV App Fibe TV Good Good TV includes general-interest networks such as CTV and CBC plus select specialty channels such as TSN and Discovery. View all channels $83.00/mo. For Fibe Internet existing customers Pricing and offer details Check availability Fibe TV Better Better TV includes general-interest networks such as CTV and CBC, plus specialty channels and 4K programming. View all channels $109.00/mo. For Fibe Internet existing customers Pricing and offer details Check availability Fibe TV Best Best TV includes general-interest networks and practically every specialty channel we offer plus 4K programming. View all channels $144.00/mo. For Fibe Internet existing customers Pricing and offer details Check availability Offer details ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available, with a 2-year term on TV. If you decline self-install when available, $150 professional install with a 2-year term on TV or $300 professional installation fees with no term contract applies. Early cancellation charges equivalent to waived portion of installation fee apply with a TV term contract. Includes installation of up to 2 additional receivers. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. † Crave: Available to new eligible TV residential customers who have not subscribed to these channels in the last 120 days. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Receivers: Cloud PVR: Rental included in an eligible 2 or 3-service bundle, otherwise $18/mo. Rented receivers may be new or refurbished at Bell’s choice. Close Offer details ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available, with a 2-year term on TV. If you decline self-install when available, $150 professional install with a 2-year term on TV or $300 professional installation fees with no term contract applies. Early cancellation charges equivalent to waived portion of installation fee apply with a TV term contract. Includes installation of up to 2 additional receivers. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. † Crave: Available to new eligible TV residential customers who have not subscribed to these channels in the last 120 days. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Receivers: Cloud PVR: Rental included in an eligible 2 or 3-service bundle, otherwise $18/mo. Rented receivers may be new or refurbished at Bell’s choice. Close Offer details ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available, with a 2-year term on TV. If you decline self-install when available, $150 professional install with a 2-year term on TV or $300 professional installation fees with no term contract applies. Early cancellation charges equivalent to waived portion of installation fee apply with a TV term contract. Includes installation of up to 2 additional receivers. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. † Crave: Available to new eligible TV residential customers who have not subscribed to these channels in the last 120 days. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Receivers: Cloud PVR: Rental included in an eligible 2 or 3-service bundle, otherwise $18/mo. Rented receivers may be new or refurbished at Bell’s choice. Close Channel details Need just the basics? Starter TV Over 25 channels, including general-interest networks like CTV, CBC and Global. View all channels Whole Home PVR required, rented at $15/month or purchase a refurbished unit for $499. Whole Home PVR required, rented at $15/month or purchase a refurbished unit for $499. $25.00/mo. $25 per month Price may increase during subscription. Whole Home PVR required, rented at $15/month or purchase a refurbished unit for $499. Installation options starting from $20.‡ Pricing and offer details Check availability Offer details ‡ $20 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available, with a 2-year term on TV. If you decline self-install when available, $150 professional install with a 2-year term on TV or $300 professional installation fees with no term contract applies. Early cancellation charges equivalent to waived portion of installation fee apply with a TV term contract. Includes installation of up to 2 additional receivers. Close Bonus Subscribe to Crave with a new TV and Internet bundle and get 2 months of Crave on us*, a $44 value. *Current price $22/mo. Subject to increase. See bundles Enhance your package with extra channels and add-ons. Popular Movies and series À la carte Sports Other add-ons International Adult Crave with STARZ Enjoy the best series, movies and more. The latest originals from Crave, HBO and MAX, exclusive access to the entire HBO library, and the biggest Hollywood blockbusters, plus visionary original series and hit movies with STARZ. Current price $25.00/mo. PROMO Enjoy a credit of $25/mo.* for 2 months. Prices may increase during subscription. *Credit earned at end of full billing period. Offer details Offer details Available to new eligible TV residential customers who have not subscribed to these channels in the last 120 days. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Pricing is based on continued subscription to an eligible TV package and to Crave with STARZ: at $25/mo., less $25/mo. credit for 2 full billing periods. Download the complete Fibe TV Channel list (PDF- 480 KB) Live and on demand TV, all in one app. Subscribe directly to just the Fibe TV app and stream your favourite live and on-demand movies and shows directly to the device of your choice. Learn more Offer details Crave, STARZ, and all associated logos are trademarks of Bell Media Inc. All rights reserved. HBO® and related service marks are property of Home Box Office, Inc., used under license. All rights reserved. SHOWTIME and related logos are trademarks of Showtime Networks Inc., used under licence. All rights reserved. ®2023 Super ChannelTM is a trademark owned by Allarco Entertainment 2023 Inc. All rights reserved. © 2023 Warner Bros. Ent. All Rights Reserved TM & DC, ©2023 Home Box Office, Inc. All rights reserved. HBO® and related channels and service marks are the property of Home Box Office, Inc. © 2023 Warner Bros. Ent. All Rights Reserved ©2023 WarnerMedia Direct, LLC. All Rights Reserved. HBO Max™ is used under license. © 2023 Legendary and Warner Bros. Ent. All Rights Reserved. Yellowjackets © Showtime Networks Inc. All Rights Reserved. © 2023 Universal Studios, Amblin Entertainment, Inc. and Perfect Universe Investment Inc. All Rights Reserved. ©2023 Home Box Office, Inc. All rights reserved. HBO® and related channels and service marks are the property of Home Box Office, Inc. © 2023 WBEI Publishing Rights © J.K.R.TM WBEI The Chi © 20th Television. All Rights Reserved ©2023 WarnerMedia Direct, LLC. All Rights Reserved. HBO Max™ is used under license. More ways to shop Chat Live Call us at 1 866 845-2998 Book an appointment Find a store Appointment options At a store Meet with a representative to learn more about our latest products, services and offerings. Book an appointment Have us call you now Skip the waiting time and get the next available representative to call you now. Have us call you now Over the phone Have a Bell representative call you at the time of your choosing. Request a call back Additional details Close modal Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.