How to Make a Payment - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Support / Billing & Accounts / Payment / How to Make a Payment Email this page How to Make a Payment If you are a Rogers Together With Shaw customer, visit our website for support with our services. SELF-SERVE ONLY: This transaction can only be completed online; it’s not accessible over the phone, through live chat or in stores. Whether you subscribe to online billing or not, the fastest and most convenient way to pay your bill is through MyRogers. Your current payment due amount* can be found at the top right corner of your online bill on your computer or mobile phone, or on the first page of your paper/PDF bill under: What is the total due? *this is the amount owing for latest billing cycle only. Make a payment easily using the MyRogers portal or MyRogers app. Need something faster? Try Quick Pay to make a payment without having to sign in. Ready to get started? Make a Payment Table of Contents Credit Card/Prepaid Credit Card/Visa Debit/Debit Mastercard - Payments with MyRogers Make a payment using rogers.com Make a payment using MyRogers app Make a payment using Quick Pay (no sign in needed) Payments via Online Banking MyRogers App Online Banking Other Payment Options At your Bank By Phone By Cheque through Mail Pre-Authorized Debit with MyRogers Online MyRogers App Pre-Authorized Credit Card with MyRogers Online MyRogers App When do you take pre-authorized payments? Credit Card/Prepaid Credit Card/Visa Debit/Debit Mastercard - Payments with MyRogers Make a payment using rogers.com Sign in to MyRogers. From the Overview tab, select Make a payment. In the Make a payment window, select Pay with a credit card, Visa Debit or Debit Mastercard, enter the payment amount and then enter your payment information in the fields provided. Prepaid cards are accepted.* Select Review and continue. Verify the payment information is correct. Once confirmed, select Pay now. Check the box if you are interested in using this credit card to sign up for automatic monthly payments. Your payment will begin processing. Select Done. We’ll send you an email and SMS confirming your payment. A record of your payment will show up in your MyRogers Payment History within one business day. Please note Interac Online is not accepted. You can pay through online banking as an alternative. Make a payment using MyRogers app Open the MyRogers app and sign in. From the menu, select Payment or Billing and Payment. Select Make a payment and enter your payment information. Note: If you attempt to enter credit card details for validation multiple times within 15 seconds of each other, it will be blocked. Select Make a payment again to submit your payment. Make a payment using Quick Pay (no sign in needed) Go to rogers.com and from the homepage, select Quick Pay. Enter your Rogers phone number associated with your wireless account and select Next. Enter the one-time password sent to your device and select Next. Enter payment amount and payment information. Select Review and Continue. Make sure the information is correct, then select Pay now. On successful payment, you’ll get a confirmation message and an email confirming your payment. Back to Top Payments via Online Banking MyRogers App Open the MyRogers app and sign in. Tap the menu icon and select PAYMENT. Tap MAKE A PAYMENT. Enter your payment information in the fields provided. Tap MAKE A PAYMENT again. That’s it. You’re done! We will send you an email and SMS confirming your payment. A record of your payment will show up in your MyRogers Payment History within 1 business day. Note: we accept all Canadian prepaid cards, except: Prepaid Ideal Choice Mastercard Prepaid Vanilla Mastercard Online Banking 1. Check with your bank to see if they accept payments for Rogers accounts. 2. Sign in to your online banking, and make a payment. (If you recently changed accounts or added more Rogers services, please update your payee list with your current Rogers Bank Payment ID.) 3. If this is the first time you are making an online payment to Rogers, you will need to add us as a payee. You can verify your Rogers Bank Payment ID at the top of your bill before selecting the payee name: ROGERS (12 DIGIT ACCOUNT NUMBER) ROGERS (11 Digit Bank Pymt ID) ROGERS (6 DIGIT ACCOUNT NUMBER) ROGERS PAYGO/PREPAID 4. Enter your Rogers Bank Payment ID number. When making your payment through the bank, please allow 3–5 business days for processing. A record of your payment will show up in your MyRogers Payment History within 5 business days. We’ll send you an email and SMS confirming your payment. Please note Interac Online is not accepted. You can pay through online banking as an alternative. Back to Top Other Payment Options At your Bank Please check with your bank for an updated list of branch locations and hours of operation. Bring a copy of your bill to your bank to make a payment. By Phone You can call Rogers at 1-888-764-3771 and follow the prompts to make a credit card, Visa Debit, or Debit Mastercard payment using the interactive phone system or dial *611 from your Rogers wireless device. By Cheque through Mail Make your cheque payable to your “Rogers [9 digit account number]” or “Rogers [12 digit account number]” Please write your Rogers account number on your cheque and mail to: Rogers PO Box 9100 Don Mills, ON M3C 3P9 It takes five business days for us to receive and process your payment if sent by mail. Back to Top Pre-Authorized Debit with MyRogers Ready to set up automatic payments? Set Up Pre-Authorized Payment Online Sign in to MyRogers. Select Billing & Payment. Select Set up Automatic Payments Select the "Use bank account for automatic payments" option Enter your payment information in the fields provided. It may take up to 1 full billing cycle for your first pre-authorized bill payment withdrawal. If you have a balance due on your account, you can make a one-time payment to avoid late payment fees. Select Continue. Accept the Terms and Conditions and click "Submit". Your payment details will be available in your MyRogers Payment History. It may take 1 business day for your payment history to update. If your payment is declined, we'll send you an email so you can update your payment information. MyRogers App Open the MyRogers app and sign in. Tap the menu icon and select PAYMENT. Tap CHANGE PAYMENT METHOD. Select Pre-Authorized Chequing, and then enter your payment information in the fields provided. It may take up to one full billing cycle for your first pre-authorized payments withdrawal. If you have a balance due on your account, you can make a one-time payment to avoid late payment fees. Tap SAVE PAYMENT METHOD. Your payment details will be available in your MyRogers Payment History. It may take 1 business day for your payment history to update. If your payment is declined, we'll send you an email and SMS so you can update your payment information. Back to Top Pre-Authorized Credit Card with MyRogers If you set up Automatic Payments with your Rogers Credit Card, you can maximize your value. As a Rogers customer, you get 3% cash back value when you redeem with Rogers. Set up now. Don't have a Rogers Credit Card? Apply now to enjoy the benefits. Ready to set up automatic payments? Set Up Pre-Authorized Payment If your payment is declined, we'll send you an email so you can update your payment information. Online Sign in to your MyRogers profile. Select Billing & Payment. In the Payment Method section, select Set up automatic payments. Select Pre-authorized Credit Card in the drop-down menu, and then enter your payment information in the fields provided. It may take up to 1 full billing cycle for your first pre-authorized bill payment withdrawal. If you have a balance due on your account, make a one-time payment to avoid late payment fees. Select Continue then Update Payment Method. Your payment details will be available in your MyRogers Payment History. It may take 1 business day for your payment history to update. If your payment is declined, we'll send you an email so you can update your payment information. MyRogers App Open the MyRogers app and sign in. Tap the menu icon and select PAYMENT. Tap CHANGE PAYMENT METHOD. Select Pre-Authorized Credit Card, and then enter your payment information in the fields provided. It may take up to 1 full billing cycle for your first pre-authorized payments withdrawal. If you have a balance due on your account, you can make a one-time payment to avoid late payment fees. Tap SAVE PAYMENT METHOD. Your payment details will be available in your MyRogers Payment History. It may take 1 business day for your payment history to update. If your payment is declined, we'll send you an email and SMS so you can update your payment information. Back to Top When do you take pre-authorized payments? For Rogers 12-digit account numbers: Your pre-authorized payment withdrawal date will be on the 1st or the 15th of each month depending on the date that your account was set up. For Rogers 9-digit account numbers: Your pre-authorized payment withdrawal date may change monthly. You can verify the date by viewing your online bill through MyRogers. You will find the date under the heading My Bill at the top left-hand corner with a message “Thank you for pre-authorizing your payment. We’ll charge this amount to your credit card on or after MMM DD, YYYY.” Have additional questions about payments? Review our Payment Support page for more information. Back to Top