WiFi Password for the Rogers Xfinity Gateway - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Support / Internet / Setup & Install / How to find, change, or share your WiFi password for the Rogers Xfinity Gateway Email this page How to find, change, or share your WiFi password for the Rogers Xfinity Gateway If you are a Rogers Together With Shaw customer, visit our website for support with our services. Forgot your WiFi password? Want to share it with visiting family or friends? Keep reading for steps on how to easily find, change or share your WiFi password using the Rogers Xfinity (app). Find your WiFi password using the Rogers Xfinity (app) Sign in to the Rogers Xfinity (app) using your MyRogers username and password. Select WiFi then, WiFi details. Select the eye icon next to your password to show it. Find your WiFi password using the Rogers Xfinity Voice Remote With your Rogers Xfinity Voice Remote, press and hold down on the Mic Now say “show me my WiFi password” and then let go of the Mic button. Your WiFi network name and password will now appear on the bottom of your Rogers Xfinity TV screen. You can set up a Parental Control PIN to limit who can access this feature. See the steps below on how to create a PIN. Set up a Parental Control PIN to limit access to the Show WiFi Password feature: With your Rogers Xfinity Voice Remote, press and hold down on the Mic Now say, “Parental Controls”. Then, let go of the Mic button. You can also find Parental Controls under Settings on Rogers Xfinity TV. On your Rogers Xfinity TV screen, select Parental Control PIN, and toggle this option to ON. Enter your 4-digit Parental Control PIN or create a new one. Next, press OK. Enter your PIN again when prompted by the instructions on-screen. Then, press OK to confirm your PIN. Toggle Application Locks to ON, select Rogers Xfinity WiFi to lock access to the Show WiFi Password feature. How to change/update your WiFi password and network name using Rogers Xfinity (app) Sign in to the Rogers Xfinity (app) using your MyRogers username and password. Select WiFi then, Wifi details. Select Edit WiFi settings. Update your WiFi network name & Password as desired. Then press Save. Share your WiFi password using Rogers Xfinity (app) Sign in to the Rogers Xfinity (app) using your MyRogers username and password. Select WiFi then, Wifi details. A QR code will display on screen. Scan it to share your password. You can also share your password through email or text. Note: If you share by email, text or another means, your WiFi password will be visible in the message you send. Related Links Learn More about the Rogers Xfinity Gateway How to Bridge your Rogers Xfinity Gateway How to Ensure Bandsteering is On for the Rogers Xfinity Gateway How to Sign Into your Rogers Xfinity Gateway and Change your Password How to Restart or Reset the Rogers Xfinity Gateway