Research project could influence freshwater management in the Great Lakes — and around the world | DailyNews Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR MENU FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR DailyNews DailyNews In this section Current Issue Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Sign up to subscribe Contact DailyNews Current Issue Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Sign up to subscribe Contact DailyNews Researcher Emily Varga takes water samples along the Thames River to assess water quality and phytoplankton communities. Research project could influence freshwater management in the Great Lakes — and around the world Oct 28th, 2024 Algae blooms in the Great Lakes are becoming increasingly common. Although a significant portion of this can be linked to climate change, the factors contributing to the growth of cyanobacterial harmful algal blooms (cyanoHABs) are much more intricate and often influenced by the rivers that supply them. This is why Emily Varga (BSc 2018, PhD 2024) chose to focus her research on how the Thames River affects downstream cyanoHABs. While a doctoral student at the Great Lakes Institute for Environmental Research, Dr. Varga conducted microcosm experiments in the Thames River examining differences in water quality, nutrient levels, and phytoplankton communities across seasons and light availability. While in-depth ecosystem studies completed in the Thames River are limited, they inform ecosystems beyond the Great Lakes and impact policy development for freshwater management in Ontario and beyond. Varga found that the Thames serves as a significant source of nutrients to Lake Erie, which can contribute to the deterioration of the ecosystem and lead to algal blooms. In response to reduced light availability, she observed a decline in the diversity of phytoplankton and shifts in phytoplankton community composition. In sites along the river, higher nutrient concentrations and lower temperatures were seen, contrasting with Lake Erie sites where lower nutrient levels and higher temperatures were found. At the river mouth on Lake St. Clair, these two bodies of water mix and create a unique environment where the higher lake temperatures meet the river’s higher nutrient levels. While certain algae were seen to dominate at specific times of the year, the composition of harmful algal blooms was more varied than previously thought: diatoms primarily dominated in winter and spring and cyanobacteria were more prevalent in summer and fall. She found algae communities to be more diverse than expected, often made up of several different species. Similar research to Varga’s was conducted in the Sondu River and Lake Victoria continuum in Kenya where similar cyanoHABs blooms can be found. Continued research into Lake Erie and the Thames could not only help inform policy development in the Great Lakes but also freshwater management in Africa. The similar water quality characteristics in lakes Erie and Victoria underscores the necessity for continued study and investment in both Canadian and African-led research projects. Emily Varga Great Lakes Institute for Environmental Research Strategic Priority: Research and Creative Activity Safety and Sustainability Academic Area: Science School of the Environment share post save IT Services UWinsite Student Disruption - Wednesday, November 6 (Resolved) Nov 6, 2024 UWinsite Finance Refresh - Tuesday, November 5 Nov 5, 2024 UWindsor Daily News website under maintenance - Monday, October 28 Oct 28, 2024 Website and application disruption – Monday, October 28 Oct 28, 2024 Campus Wi-Fi Disruption - Friday, October 18 from 6:00 a.m. – 8:00 a.m. Oct 17, 2024 Internal Job Postings Nov 6, 2024 - Work-Integrated Learning Coordinator 'VI' in the Office of Experiential Learning - Co-operative Education & Workplace Partnerships (substitute until approx. Oct. 26/25) Equipment for Sale Oct 30, 2024 - Glasses, Tables, Chairs and Various Kitchen/Restaurant Items for Sale by Bid share post save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency and Crisis Services Follow us on X (Twitter) Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram