Home Security - Smart Monitoring Plans - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Rogers Xfinity Self Protection Connect and protect what matters most. 24/7 Continuous Video Recording 7 days of history stored safely in the cloud Control all your compatible smart home devices from one app Protect your devices with Rogers Xfinity Advanced protection Get Rogers Xfinity Self Protection on us for $0 Stay safe with Rogers Xfinity Self Protection on us for 36 months—includes 1 camera. Available for new customers with select TV bundles Call 1-888-807-1447 Choose your perfect home security system Bundle with internet and TV for our best savings, or add Rogers Xfinity Self Protection to your current Rogers Xfinity Internet. Rogers Xfinity Self Protection, TV and Internet Rogers Xfinity Self Protection GET Rogers Xfinity Self Protection ON US! Internet + Ultimate TV + Self Protection $ 190 .00 /mo* Self Protection save $20/mo on 36 mo term TV bundle save $35/mo on 24 mo term Unlimited 1 Gbps speed Up to 154 channels (varies by region) Disney+ Standard with Ads More news, sports + entertainment Includes 24/7 Video Recording on us Includes 1 camera rental on us Call 1-888-807-1447 Why choose Rogers Xfinity Self Protection? Connect & communicate Easily monitor detect motion around your home and keep an eye on people or pets from anywhere with the Rogers Xfinity app. Don’t miss a thing 7 days of history is stored safely in the cloud and Advanced Security provides around-the-clock protection for your connected home. Customize your plan Your entire ecosystem is connected, so cameras and footage are accessible from your Rogers Xfinity TV or Voice Remote. Installation With 24/7 support you can easily install devices yourself or get our expert technician installation. Do-it-yourself The Rogers Xfinity app1 seamlessly walks you through activation with tech support always at the ready2. Do-it-yourself Get professional installation at your convenience for $110, no matter how many devices you connect3. Ways to get Rogers Xfinity Self Protection 1 888 260-9880 Find a Store Live Chat See full details *Taxes extra. For term offers, a monthly credit will be applied against the thereafter price for 36 months. Rate increases to the thereafter price may occur during the term but will only take effect as of month 37.Self Protection available within the Rogers Xfinity Home Security coverage area where technology permits. Subject to change without notice. Requires subscription to wired Rogers Xfinity Internet, compatible with Rogers Xfinity Gateway. Data usage subject to Rogers Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy (see rogers.com/terms). Professional monitoring not included. Minimum 1 camera required, up to 6 total. Cloud video recordings stored for 7 days. Rogers Xfinity Indoor/Outdoor Camera requires indoor power source and Rogers Xfinity Video Doorbell requires existing working wired doorbell. Rogers Xfinity WiFi Boost Pod(s) may be required, for an additional monthly fee, to extend home WiFi connection for outdoor use. Self Protection early cancellation fee of $5/mo remaining in term applies. Rogers not responsible for removing cameras upon cancellation. A $110 Pro Install Add-On fee applies for professional installation. Registration for online billing required. Access to Rogers Xfinity requires Internet from Rogers, the Rogers Xfinity Gateway , a MyRogers account and a compatible iOS or Android device. When enabled in the Rogers Xfinty app, Advanced Security helps reduce the risk of connected devices accessing known sources of malware, spyware, bots, phishing as well and unauthorized or suspicious access attempts while connected to your home WiFi network. Advanced Security does not guarantee protection from all online threats and this feature may experience disruption, inaccurate results and other limitations impacting performance. View FAQs about Advanced Security to learn more, including how to disable it to access blocked websites. undefined