Chess set showcases technologist skills | DailyNews Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR MENU FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR DailyNews DailyNews In this section Current Issue Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Sign up to subscribe Contact DailyNews Current Issue Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Sign up to subscribe Contact DailyNews Engineering student Mollie Lane (centre) accepts congratulations and a custom chess set from dean Bill Van Heyst and technologist Paul Mendes. Chess set showcases technologist skills Oct 25th, 2024 Fall Open House promises a special treat to one visitor to the Centre for Engineering Innovation: a custom chess set created by technologists in the facility. The set will be the second machined by engineering technologists Paul Mendes and Kevin Harkai. The original went to first-year engineering student Mollie Lane, whose entry was drawn from those submitted at the last open house. Bill Van Heyst, dean of the Faculty of Engineering, said the set is a testament to the exceptional skills of the support staff, showcasing their craftsmanship and elevating their role from behind-the-scenes to front-stage innovators. “I’m incredibly proud of our technicians and the level of skill that they bring to this University,” said Dr. Van Heyst. “Whether it be a chess piece or a complex part of a research apparatus, the technicians always amaze me with their skill, ingenuity, and perseverance.” The board and pieces are made of solid aluminum and brass, the contrasting materials symbolizing the balance of strength and elegance. For her part, Lane said she is now motivated to learn the game. “I’m very excited to have been the winner of such an awesome gift from the Faculty of Engineering,” she said. “I was told about the process and hard work that went into making the board, and it paid off, as it looks so great. “I have never played chess before, but I’ve always wanted to learn and can’t wait to put it to good use with all my friends in residence.” Fall Open House will welcome visitors from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 26. Find a full schedule and registration info on the event website. Mollie Lane Bill Van Heyst Paul Mendes Kevin Harkai Academic Area: Engineering share post save IT Services UWinsite Student Disruption - Wednesday, November 6 (Resolved) Nov 6, 2024 UWinsite Finance Refresh - Tuesday, November 5 Nov 5, 2024 UWindsor Daily News website under maintenance - Monday, October 28 Oct 28, 2024 Website and application disruption – Monday, October 28 Oct 28, 2024 Campus Wi-Fi Disruption - Friday, October 18 from 6:00 a.m. – 8:00 a.m. Oct 17, 2024 Internal Job Postings Nov 6, 2024 - Work-Integrated Learning Coordinator 'VI' in the Office of Experiential Learning - Co-operative Education & Workplace Partnerships (substitute until approx. Oct. 26/25) Equipment for Sale Oct 30, 2024 - Glasses, Tables, Chairs and Various Kitchen/Restaurant Items for Sale by Bid share post save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency and Crisis Services Follow us on X (Twitter) Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram