Apple Watch 8 - Price, Specs and Features - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Apple Watch 8 Only $15/mo when you add it to your Rogers Infinite plan Enjoy unlimited data on your Apple Watch when you share it with your Rogers Infinite plan! Get your Apple Watch plan FREE for 24 months when you buy an Apple Watch with financing and activate a Rogers Infinite Extra plan or above! What you need to activate an Apple Watch plan Phone An up-to-date iPhone connected to the Rogers network and an Apple Watch that supports GPS and cellular functionality. Plan A Rogers postpaid mobile account with a compatible Rogers consumer plan. Account A MyRogers account profile associated with your primary phone number. Interested in this device? Find a store How to activate an Apple Watch plan You need to add a watch plan to your account when you set up your Apple Watch. Use these steps to activate the plan directly from the iPhone Watch app. 1 Open the Watch app on your iPhone Tap Cellular and then tap Set Up Cellular. 2 Sign in with your MyRogers account Sign in to the MyRogers account that your iPhone is on. 3 Add an Apple Watch plan Add your Apple Watch to your Rogers Infinite plan or get a new plan for your Apple Watch. 4 Review your Apple Watch plan If everything’s in order, tap Continue. Review and agree to the terms and conditions. 5 Add a 9-1-1 emergency address Enter your street number on line 1 and the name of your street on line 2 of the address screen. 6 Review and submit your order Congratulations! Your Apple Watch is now connected to the Rogers network. More questions? See our Apple Watch FAQs﻿ See full details A Setup Service Fee of $70 per line applies to setup your device and related services. Apple Watch Series 8 A healthy leap ahead. Your essential companion is now even more powerful. Temperature sensing◊Refer to legal disclaimers for deeper insights into women’s health.◊Refer to legal disclaimers Crash Detection for emergency help.◊Refer to legal disclaimers Sleep Stages to better understand your sleep cycles.◊Refer to legal disclaimers The future of health never looked so good. Design and Durability Beautiful. And made to stay that way. The edge‑to‑edge Always‑On Retina display is brilliant in every way, with incredible colour and clarity. Watch faces are brighter and easier to read, even when your wrist is down. Crack‑Resistant Designed to be strong. Dust-Resistant IP6X certification.◊Refer to legal disclaimers Water-Resistant Swimproof with WR50 water resistance.◊Refer to legal disclaimers Health Here’s to a healthier you. Temperature sensing. Provides important insights into women’s health when combined with the Health app on your iPhone. Advanced sensors. Generate an ECG similar to a single-lead electrocardiogram with the ECG app.◊Refer to legal disclaimers And take on-demand readings of your blood oxygen.◊Refer to legal disclaimers Sleep app. Track the quality of your rest and see how much time you spent in REM, Core and Deep sleep with Sleep Stages. Health Here’s to a healthier you. Temperature sensing. Provides important insights into women’s health when combined with the Health app on your iPhone. Advanced sensors. Generate an ECG similar to a single-lead electrocardiogram with the ECG app.◊Refer to legal disclaimers And take on-demand readings of your blood oxygen.◊Refer to legal disclaimers Sleep app. Track the quality of your rest and see how much time you spent in REM, Core and Deep sleep with Sleep Stages. Safety Help we hope you’ll never need. Crash Detection and Fall Detection can automatically connect you with emergency services. And Emergency SOS provides urgent assistance with the press of a button.◊Refer to legal disclaimers Fitness So much to move you. The enhanced Workout app gives you new ways to train, and advanced metrics to personalize your workouts. And Apple Fitness+ helps you take your fitness further.◊Refer to legal disclaimers Stay Connected More connected to everything you care about. Call and text right from your wrist. All-day battery life. Get up to 18 hours and up to 36 hours on Low Power Mode.◊Refer to legal disclaimers Stay Connected More connected to everything you care about. Call and text right from your wrist. All-day battery life. Get up to 18 hours and up to 36 hours on Low Power Mode.◊Refer to legal disclaimers App Store and Faces Thousands of ways to make it yours. Access tens of thousands of apps from the App Store right on your wrist for whatever you love to do.◊Refer to legal disclaimers And customize your watch face with complications tailored to whatever you’re into. Why Apple Watch It’s the ultimate device for a healthy life. Health and Safety Get deep insights for healthier habits. Track your sleep. Get help quickly in an emergency. Fitness Train in new ways with advanced metrics. Track your daily activity and favourite workouts. Connectivity Get calls and texts. Listen to music. Use Apple Pay and Siri. All right from your wrist. Personalization Add a new band to change up your look. Discover, customize and share watch faces. Compare Which Apple Watch is right for you? Choose models to compare. Series 8 Ultra Images Category GPS + Cellular GPS + Cellular Starting at $29.11 GPS + Cellular Starting at $46.11 Finish — Not Applicable Titanium Aluminum Aluminum — Not Applicable Buy Quick look 45mm or 41mm case size Edge‑to‑edge display 49mm case size Flat sapphire front crystal with edge protection Case Size- 2 Certified IP6X dust‑resistant◊Refer to legal disclaimers Certified IP6X dust‑resistant◊Refer to legal disclaimers Test to MIL-STD 810H◊Refer to legal disclaimers Customizable Action Button Display Always-On Retina display Up to 1000 nits brightness Nearly 20% more screen area than Apple Watch SE Always-On Retina display Up to 2000 nits brightness Nearly 27% more screen area than Apple Watch SE Water-resistant Water-resistant◊Refer to legal disclaimers 50m Swimproof Water-resistant◊Refer to legal disclaimers 100m Swimproof and recreational dive ready to 40m Water-resistant- 2 — Not Applicable EN13319 certification Depth gauge with water temperature sensor Oceanic+ app◊Refer to legal disclaimers for use as a dive computer Blood oxygen Blood Oxygen app◊Refer to legal disclaimers ECG app◊Refer to legal disclaimers High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notification◊Refer to legal disclaimers Blood Oxygen app◊Refer to legal disclaimers ECG app◊Refer to legal disclaimers High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notification◊Refer to legal disclaimers Temperature sensing Temperature Sensing◊Refer to legal disclaimers Cycle tracking with retrospective ovulation estimates◊Refer to legal disclaimers Temperature Sensing◊Refer to legal disclaimers Cycle tracking with retrospective ovulation estimates◊Refer to legal disclaimers Emergency SOS Emergency SOS◊Refer to legal disclaimers International emergency calling◊Refer to legal disclaimers Fall Detection Crash Detection High-g accelerometer Gyroscope Compass Backtrack —Not Applicable Emergency SOS◊Refer to legal disclaimers International emergency calling◊Refer to legal disclaimers Fall Detection Crash Detection High-g accelerometer Gyroscope Compass Backtrack 86-decibel Siren to attract attention Audible up to 180 metres Compass Redesigned Compass app with multiple views Compass Waypoints and Backtrack GPS Always-on altimeter Redesigned Compass app with multiple views Compass Waypoints and Backtrack Precision dual-frequency GPS Always-on altimeter Available Cellular Connectivity Available cellular connectivity◊Refer to legal disclaimers Supports Family Setup◊Refer to legal disclaimers (GPS + Cellular models) Connect family members who don’t have an iPhone Cellular connectivity◊Refer to legal disclaimers Supports Family Setup◊Refer to legal disclaimers (GPS + Cellular models) Connect family members who don’t have an iPhone Battery Up to 18 hours◊Refer to legal disclaimers Fast charge◊Refer to legal disclaimers Up to 36 hours◊Refer to legal disclaimers Fast charge◊Refer to legal disclaimers Bands Change your band. Change your look. Interchangeable bands come in many different styles, materials and colours. So it’s easy to find the right look for the right moment. Fitness+ Take your fitness further with Apple Watch. World-class workouts on your iPhone, iPad or Apple TV.◊Refer to legal disclaimers New workouts added weekly. Work out how and where you want. AppleCare+ Expert support, enhanced coverage. Apple-certified service 24/7 priority access to Apple experts Accidental damage coverage ◊ Legal Disclaimers Temperature Sensing: The temperature sensing feature is not a medical device and not intended for use in medical diagnosis, treatment or for any other medical purpose. Cycle Tracking: The Cycle Tracking app is not intended for use in medical diagnosis, treatment, or any other medical purpose, including as a form of birth control or to support conception. Emergency SOS: Emergency SOS requires a cellular connection or Wi-Fi calling with an internet connection from your Apple Watch or nearby iPhone. Sleeping Respiratory Rate: Sleeping Respiratory Rate feature measurements are not intended for medical use, including self-diagnosis or consultation with a doctor, and are only designed for general fitness and wellness purposes. Water and Dust Resistance: Apple Watch Ultra has a water‑resistance rating of 100 metres under ISO standard 22810. It may be used for recreational scuba diving (with a compatible third-party app from the App Store) to 40m and high-speed water sports. Apple Watch Ultra should not be used for diving below 40m. Apple Watch Series 8 and Apple Watch SE have a water‑resistance rating of 50 metres under ISO standard 22810:2010. This means that they may be used for shallow-water activities like swimming in a pool or ocean. However, they should not be used for scuba diving, waterskiing or other activities involving high-velocity water or submersion below shallow depth. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. For additional information, see support.apple.com/en‑ca/HT205000. Apple Watch Ultra and Apple Watch Series 8 are also rated IP6x dust‑resistant. ECG App and IRN (Irregular Rhythm Notification): The ECG app and irregular rhythm notification require the latest version of watchOS and iOS, and are not intended for use by people under 22 years old. The ECG app is available on Apple Watch Series 4 and later (not including Apple Watch SE). The irregular rhythm notification is not designed for people who have been previously diagnosed with AFib. Blood Oxygen app: Blood Oxygen app measurements are not intended for medical use, including self-diagnosis or consultation with a doctor, and are only designed for general fitness and wellness purposes. Apple Fitness+ and Apple Music: Apple Fitness+ and Apple Music require a subscription. Cellular and Wireless: Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Connection may vary based on network availability. Check apple.com/ca/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. See support.apple.com/en‑ca/HT207578 for additional setup instructions. Power and Battery: Battery life varies by use and configuration. See apple.com/ca/batteries for more information. App Store: Apps are available on the App Store. MIL-STD 810H: Tested against subsections for Altitude, High Temperature, Low Temperature, Temperature Shock, Immersion, Freeze/Thaw, Shock and Vibration. Oceanic+ App: A subscription is required for Oceanic+. Available on the App Store. Always follow diving protocols, dive with a companion and have a secondary device. International Emergency Calling: The international emergency calling feature requires an Apple Watch Ultra (Cellular), Apple Watch Series 8 (GPS + Cellular), Apple Watch Series 7 (GPS + Cellular) or Apple Watch SE (GPS + Cellular) model. For a list of supported countries and regions, see apple.com/ca/watchos/feature‑availability. Family Setup: Not all features will be available if the Apple Watch is set up through Family Setup. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Check apple.com/ca/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. Fast charge: Fast charging is only compatible with Apple Watch Series 8, Apple Watch Ultra and Apple Watch Series 7. Other models will have regular charge times. (PRODUCT)RED: A portion of the proceeds from every (PRODUCT)RED purchase goes to the Global Fund to fight AIDS with (RED). From now until December 31, 2022, half of those proceeds will go to the Global Fund’s COVID-19 Response to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on the fight to end AIDS. Bands: Bands are subject to availability. Compatibility: Apple Watch requires an iPhone 8 or later with the latest iOS version. Feature Availability: Features subject to change. Some features, applications and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. See apple.com/ca/watchos/feature‑availability for complete list.