Budgets | Finance Department Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR MENU FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR Finance Department Finance Department Budgets & Financial Services For Students Student Accounts / Cashiers Student Awards and Financial Aid For Faculty, Staff and Stakeholders Financial Accounting & Reporting Budgets & Financial Services Accounts Payable Budgets Budget Approach 2024-25 Communications Current Budget Challenges 2024/2025 Cost Saving Opportunities Operating Budget FAQs Operating Budgets UWindsor ABB Model Financial Aid Customs Payroll Procurement UWinsite Finance Fraud Alerts Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms For Students Student Accounts / Cashiers Student Awards and Financial Aid For Faculty, Staff and Stakeholders Financial Accounting & Reporting Budgets & Financial Services Accounts Payable Budgets Budget Approach 2024-25 Communications Current Budget Challenges 2024/2025 Cost Saving Opportunities Operating Budget FAQs Operating Budgets UWindsor ABB Model Financial Aid Customs Payroll Procurement UWinsite Finance Fraud Alerts Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms UWindsor Home Finance Department Budgets & Financial Services Budgets Budgets Mission & Vision The Planning & Budgets Department assists in the projection, development, and management of the University budgets. Financial information and advice is provided to Deans, Directors, and their designates to help them make decisions regarding management of funds for their respective areas. The Planning & Budgets Department is dedicated to supporting the University community as a technical and administrative resource for financial information. The Planning & Budgets Department provides support services to the campus community by ensuring that timely and accurate financial information is readily available to make decisions and recommendations. This is accomplished through facilitating the development and management of the University Operating fund and Ancillary fund budgets. The Office acts as a resource to business unit leaders by providing guidance and assistance in planning and controlling their budgets and to staff by training and advising on budget and financial matters. Services The Planning & Budgets Department provides the following support services for the University of Windsor Campus community: 1. Planning & Forecasting Facilitate the preparation of the University Operating & Ancillary budgets Provide capital project budget planning Project budgetary ramifications of proposed collective bargaining agreements Conduct case studies and scenario analysis Maintain multi-year budgets 2. Monitoring & Advising Provide ongoing faculty/departmental reviews of revenues and expenditures Identify efficiency and cost-saving options within faculties/departments Calculate and track year-over-year carryover funds Maintain the faculty/staff position control system and track salary spending against budget Conduct monthly, mid-year and 9-month reviews Advise on the appropriate application of financial policies and procedures ·Assist in the preparation and monitoring of faculty/departmental business plans 3. Training & Supporting Training for the users of the University’s Financial Information System (FIS) Develop reports and provide information required to support decision makers Open and close business units, object and subsidiary accounts Conduct regular reviews of system data to ensure it remains up-to-date and accurate Resources BU01 - 2024/25 Budget Adjustment Template BU02 - 2023/24 Budget Adjustment Template BU03 - Budget Adjustment Instructions BU04 - UWinsite Budgets Fundamentals Training for New Users User Training & Information Sessions The University of Windsor Budgets office hosts regular training and information sessions for UWinsite Budgets (formerly PBCS) users. During the sessions users are introduced to new system enhancements, provided refresher information and tips to enhance efficiency as well as provided updates on upcoming financial events and deadlines. A list of previously discussed topics includes: System Navigation Setting the Point-of-View Budget Adjustments PO Carryover Methods Account Drill Through Labour Detail Budgets Running & Scheduling Reports Forms, Reports & Dashboards Financial Year-end Schedules Below you will find documentation from each of the sessions: Session 1: May 29, 2018 Session 2: October 31, 2018 Session 3: March 5, 2019 Session 4: July 12, 2019 Session 5: December 17, 2019 Cycle The University fiscal year reflects the academic year beginning on May 1 with the start of the inter/summer session and ending on April 30 after the completion of the Winter semester. May Implement the new budget and roll out to all faculties and departments. Identify primary areas where budget support will be focused over summer months. Complete year-end review and submit associated working papers and financial reports. June - August Conduct appropriations review including annual carryover calculations. Meet regularly with faculties/departments to assist with business planning required to implement budget obligations. Conduct a detailed review of faculty/staff positions and associated salary/benefit budgets. September Begin enrolment targeting in association with Institutional Analysis and Deans/Department heads. Distribution of carryover funding based on appropriations review. October - December Conduct mid-year review. Initial discussions of tuition fee framework. Solicit input from faculties/departments into tuition fees and enrolment targets. Initial stages of operating and ancillary budget planning. January & February Conduct 9-month review. Enrolment planning and tuition fee setting. Continue operating and ancillary budget development process. Faculty/departmental expenditure reviews. March & April Final stages of operating and ancillary budget development, approval and communication. Final expenditure reviews. Support fiscal year end close process, including preparing various reports, statements, entries, working papers, etc. Contact Information Manager, University Budgets Mr. Andrew Kuntz p: 519-253-3000 x 5008 e: andrewk@uwindsor.ca Senior Budget Analyst Ms. Alicia St. Pierre p: 519-253-3000 x 2082 e: apomeroy@uwindsor.ca Budget Analyst Ms. Leanna Prior p: 519-253-3000 x 2021 e: leannap@uwindsor.ca Junior Budget Analyst Ms. Rachelle Badour p: 519-253-3000 x 2022 e: rbadour@uwindsor.ca Budgets University of Windsor Lambton Tower 401 Sunset Avenue Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 (519) 253-3000, ext. 2022 budgets@uwindsor.ca share post save share post save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency and Crisis Services Follow us on X (Twitter) Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram