Fraud Alerts  | Finance Department Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR MENU FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR Finance Department Finance Department In this section For Students Student Accounts / Cashiers Student Awards and Financial Aid For Faculty, Staff and Stakeholders Financial Accounting & Reporting Budgets & Financial Services Accounts Payable Budgets Budget Approach 2024-25 Communications Current Budget Challenges 2024/2025 Cost Saving Opportunities Operating Budget FAQs Operating Budgets UWindsor ABB Model Financial Aid Customs Payroll Procurement UWinsite Finance Fraud Alerts Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms For Students Student Accounts / Cashiers Student Awards and Financial Aid For Faculty, Staff and Stakeholders Financial Accounting & Reporting Budgets & Financial Services Accounts Payable Budgets Budget Approach 2024-25 Communications Current Budget Challenges 2024/2025 Cost Saving Opportunities Operating Budget FAQs Operating Budgets UWindsor ABB Model Financial Aid Customs Payroll Procurement UWinsite Finance Fraud Alerts Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms UWindsor Home Finance Department Fraud Alerts Fraud Alerts *** NOTE: The guidance on this page does NOT refer to general email scams affecting the larger UWindsor community, but rather, a very specific form of procurement fraud impacting UWindsor suppliers. Those in the UWindsor community seeking ITS cybersecurity guidance regarding Phishing should consult the following: Phishing Techniques *** Procurement Fraud Scheme Targets University of Windsor: Suppliers, and potential suppliers to the University of Windsor have been experiencing an increasing number of attempts of fraudulent purchase order activity. These involve purchase orders and requests for quotes that appear to originate from the University of Windsor but are in fact fraudulent. What is happening? University of Windsor Suppliers are being targeted by malicious fraudulent emails from imposters: Imposters are pretending to be employees from the University’s Procurement Services Department, in order to contact suppliers for product quotes. Once a supplier responds to the quote request email, the imposter asks for the product to be shipped to a fictitious University shipping address. The shipping address given is not a legitimate University address and is usually located in or around the Greater Toronto Area. Fraudulent attempts may include the following: Fake e-mail domains: imposters will send emails from domains that look like they are coming from the University but may be spelled differently (e.g. @univwindsor.com, @uvwindsor.com). Cell phone numbers as contact information for University officials: the University will always provide its main line (519-253-3000) with an extension as the first point of contact on all official documents. Poorly written and unprofessional emails, with grammatical errors and bolded or coloured font. Suspicious requests: imposters will request orders for large quantities of products (e.g. electronics, lab equipment, cameras, construction supplies). Unrecognized shipping address: imposters will provide suppliers with shipping addresses that are not affiliated with the University in order to re-route products sent by suppliers. The imposter will likely request to open a line of credit on behalf of the university What should I do if I think I am a potential victim of procurement fraudulent activity? Suspected fraud attempts should be reported immediately to your local police authority. Also, if you believe your organization is subject to potential fraudulent activity involving the University of Windsor, please notify Procurement Services at the University of Windsor (procurement@uwindsor.ca). The University of Windsor values the partnership and important role our suppliers play in the success of the University and we are actively working with local law enforcement, as well as the University’s Legal Services Department and Campus Police to investigate any illegal procurement activity. Additional information and resources surrounding Canadian Fraudulent Activity can be found here: https://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/index-eng.htm share post save share post save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency and Crisis Services Follow us on X (Twitter) Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram