Introducing Rogers Xfinity - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. This changes everything A powerful platform that gives you a seamlessly connected home. Rogers Xfinity. Connecting you to more of what you love. Internet that's ready for everything. Rogers Xfinity is on Canada’s fastest and most reliable internet*. Whatever you’re into, you can do it with Rogers Xfinity. Shop Internet Entertainment as it should be. Easily find your favourite shows with powerful all-in-one voice search. Turn any screen into a TV with Rogers Xfinity Stream app. Shop Bundles Protect what matters most. Keep your family safe at home with the latest smart home technology. Check in from anywhere with the Rogers Xfinity app. Shop Self Protection Want to know more? Here are the top asked questions about our latest changes. Learn more Frequently asked questions How do I get Rogers Xfinity products and services? If you’re an existing customer: You don’t need to do anything. This won’t impact any of your existing services, pricing or terms. You’ll see the names of some of our apps change—for example, Ignite HomeConnect has been updated to Rogers Xfinity. You’ll also see the names of some of your products and services change on your bill and in MyRogers/My Shaw. What apps should I be using? Manage and protect your home WiFi and connected devices effortlessly, from anywhere with the Rogers Xfinity app. This was previously known as Ignite HomeConnect. Stream everything you love at home or on the go with the Rogers Xfinity Stream app. This was previously known as Ignite TV. If you’re based in Western Canada, make sure you use the versions of the app as follows: Rogers Xfinity (Shaw) Rogers Xfinity Stream (Shaw) Why is Rogers working with Comcast? Our partnership with Comcast builds on our legacy of bringing Canadians the best networks, entertainment and services in the world. Canadians want to be connected to the best entertainment, anywhere in Canada, without interruption and we’re proud to partner with Comcast to bring you Rogers Xfinity and make this a reality. Existing customer? See more frequently asked questions Learn more See full details * Claim(s) based on winning National Overall Experience awards for Download Speed, Reliability Experience, Consistent Quality and Video Experience. Opensignal Awards - Canada: Fixed Broadband Experience Report May 2024, based on independent analysis of average fixed broadband measurements across all technologies recorded during the period Feb 1 - Apr 30, 2024 © 2024 Opensignal Limited. © 2024 Comcast