5G technology, its benefits and how to get it  - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Canada’s largest and most reliable 5G network. Committed to giving Canadians a mobile experience like no other. We do our thing, so you can do yours. The Rogers 5G experience Connect with confidence Our reliable 5G network gives you faster speeds and fewer disruptions than LTE. Plus, stay connected in crowded areas with 5G+ coverage. Canada’s largest and most reliable 5G network.1 Now #1 in awards for Canada’s most reliable mobile network as awarded by umlaut and Opensignal.2 Connect in more places As Canada’s largest 5G network, we cover over 32 million people in over 2,400 communities across the country. Our fastest 5G+ network experience is here 5G+ is changing the game with how quickly you connect, download and stream. Rogers 5G+ is available to almost 30% of the Canadian population, proudly offered in the greater Toronto area, Hamilton, Guelph, London, Kitchener-Cambridge-Waterloo, St. Catharine’s – Niagara, Oshawa, Kingston and more. The 5G advantage Reliable connectivity Fewer disruptions and a consistent connection you can count on. Fast mobile speeds Experience 5G with speeds more than 3x faster than LTE and 5G+ with speeds 2x faster than 5G. Seamless streaming Enjoy high-definition video quality with less lag and buffering. Connect in Crowds Stay connected even in congested areas with 5G+ coverage. What you need to get on the 5G/5G+ network Get a 5G device Explore our selection of 5G-ready devices. Shop 5G phones Get a Rogers 5G mobile plan We got you with plans that fit your needs. Shop mobile plans Get on the Rogers 5G network Providing 5G access to communities across Canada. Check out our 5G coverage map to find out which areas are covered! 5G Coverage Map Stay up to date on Rogers 5G News Get the latest news and updates on our 5G initiatives, network development, and investments. Learn more Partnerships We’ve partnered with leading universities and tech companies to build a Canada-led 5G ecosystem. Learn more 5G for business Use 5G to adopt new technologies, gain efficiencies, and create cutting-edge solutions for your business. Learn more FAQs Find answers to the most frequently asked questions about Rogers 5G and our 5G network. Learn more See full details Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. Rogers was ranked first in the umlaut Mobile Data Performance audits in 2023-2024. For details visit https://www.umlaut.com/en/benchmarking/canada Rogers was ranked first in the umlaut Mobile Data Performance audits in 2023-2024. For details visit www.umlaut.com/benchmarking. Rogers also won the national mobile network award for Canada for Reliability Experience in the Opensignal Awards – Canada: Mobile Network Experience Report August, 2024, based on independent analysis of mobile measurements recorded during the period April 1 – June 29 © 2024 Opensignal Limited. For details visit www.opensignal.com/reports/2024/08/canada/mobile-network-experience. undefined