Operating Budget FAQs | Finance Department Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR MENU FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR Budgets & Financial Services Finance Department Budgets For Students Student Accounts / Cashiers Student Awards and Financial Aid For Faculty, Staff and Stakeholders Financial Accounting & Reporting Budgets & Financial Services Accounts Payable Budgets Budget Approach 2024-25 Communications Current Budget Challenges 2024/2025 Cost Saving Opportunities Operating Budget FAQs Operating Budgets UWindsor ABB Model Financial Aid Customs Payroll Procurement UWinsite Finance Fraud Alerts Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms For Students Student Accounts / Cashiers Student Awards and Financial Aid For Faculty, Staff and Stakeholders Financial Accounting & Reporting Budgets & Financial Services Accounts Payable Budgets Budget Approach 2024-25 Communications Current Budget Challenges 2024/2025 Cost Saving Opportunities Operating Budget FAQs Operating Budgets UWindsor ABB Model Financial Aid Customs Payroll Procurement UWinsite Finance Fraud Alerts Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms UWindsor Home Finance Department Budgets & Financial Services Budgets Operating Budget FAQs Operating Budget FAQs updated September 12, 2024 FAQs - Restricted Hiring Program Why is the University implementing restricted hiring? The restricted hiring is part of a broader budgetary strategy designed to ensure the University’s financial stability amid the current dynamic higher education landscape and significant financial challenges. When do the restrictions begin? It became effective on September 9, 2024. Does this affect searches that are already underway? Departments and units that had active postings/searches prior to September 9, 2024, should check with the Office of the Provost (in the case of faculty hiring) and the Office of the Associate Vice-President, Human Resources (in the case of staff hiring) before proceeding further. What positions are included? The hiring restrictions apply to both new and replacement positions for all faculty and staff positions funded by the University’s operating budget and student ancillary fees, as well as positions within the ancillary fund. Does this mean departments/units cannot post new positions? No new or replacement faculty or staff positions may be posted at this time. When positions become vacant, they may be filled through internal postings, attrition, streamlining, bumping process, or temporary hires. No external postings/hirings will be permitted. What types of positions are considered exceptions due to enterprise risk profile? The top enterprise risks are cyber security, international enrolment and human resources capacity. The co-Chairs of the Provost Budget Committee have the ultimate responsibility for determining which positions are eligible for an exception because of their connection to these risks. How long will these restrictions be in effect? The restrictions will remain in place for the foreseeable future. What will prompt the University to lift these hiring restrictions? The restrictions may be lifted when there are clear signs of long-term stability, such as meeting international enrolment targets outlined in the Strategic Enrolment Management plan. FAQs - Voluntary Retirement Programs (VCT) Is there a VCT program for faculty members? There is a VCT program embedded in the WUFA collective agreement and available to faculty members below the normal retirement age. In 2024, the University and WUFA negotiated a special VCT offering for those members who had exceeded the normal retirement age. The window to apply for this special VCT is now closed. Which employee groups are eligible for the staff VCT? This VCT opportunity is currently available for individuals in the following employee groups: Executives, Managerial and Professionals, and staff groups represented by Unifor. What is the VCT eligibility criteria? This VCT opportunity is open to individuals who will reach the age of 63 on or prior to December 31, 2024, and for Unifor members who have more than 40 years seniority as of the same date.  Personal VCT packages have been distributed to all individuals who meet the eligibility criteria. How long will this program be available? Eligible individuals have until midnight on October 1, 2024, to indicate their intention to participate in the VCT program.  A form has been included in the VCT package that must be signed and submitted prior to this deadline. What is the last day of work for VCT participants?  The last day of work for individuals who participate in the VCT program will be October 31, 2024. What if a participant has accrued vacation balances? Participants with accrued vacation available will work with their supervisor to set out a plan with respect to vacation and lieu banks. What is the VCT incentive being offered to eligible individuals? Every individual who meets the eligibility criteria and decides to participate will receive six (6) months’ annualized salary severance.  The format of the payment will be via salary continuance or in a lump sum. For some employees who have reached a certain age, only a lump sum is available.  During this time Green Shield medical benefits will continue, however there will be no vacation accrual or access to sick leave or long-term disability benefits. How will the VCT affect the employee’s pension? The six (6) month severance period will be included as pensionable earnings. How would I know if my employees received a VCT offer? Supervisors have been copied on the letters issued by Human Resources. FAQs - Process How was the decision made to implement the base budget reduction? In response to financial challenges, UWindsor established a Budget Balancing Committee (BBC) for the 2024/25 budget cycle. The BBC, an advisory group of managers, professionals, and executives from across the UWindsor campus community, was tasked with identifying solutions to achieve both short and long-term financial sustainability. The committee considered various factors, including provincial and operational revenue constraints, enrolment trends, service delivery quality, collective agreements, staffing levels, inflationary pressures, and the use of reserve funds. Their mandate was to identify a strategy for achieving at least $5 million in savings with as minimal impact on the student experience as possible, resulting in recommendations that were approved by the Provost Budget Committee (PBC) and included in the 2024/25 base operating budget. The proposed budget, which includes the 1.5% realignment strategy, was then reviewed and approved by the Board. The role of the Board is one of strategy setting and policy-making, not management or operational decision-making. It is the role of management to implement the budget, including identifying specifics of realignment activities and implementing budget cuts, in accordance with the realignment strategy mandated by the Board through its approval of the budget. Why is UWindsor implementing a base budget reduction for 2024/25? The base budget reduction for 2024/25 is part of a multi-year strategy to realign costs with institutional revenues and maintain balanced budgets. For the operating budget 2024/25, the University was required to implement budget saving actions of $5.6 million. Despite the significant efforts to achieve the $5.6 million in savings, a base deficit of $2.8 million still exists. This realignment of $5.6 million ensures the financial sustainability of the university while continuing to fulfill our academic mission amid ongoing fiscal challenges and external pressures such as provincial policy decisions, demographics, and fluctuating enrolment. Is the University's Board of Governors in favour of the budget and the implementation plan? Yes, the University's Board of Governors met on April 25, 2024 to review and approve the budget, which includes the 1.5% realignment strategy. FAQs - Faculty and Staff What is UWindsor doing to ensure financial sustainability going forward? UWindsor has adopted a multi-year base budget balancing strategy. This includes a 1.5 per cent base budget reduction, finding efficiencies, responsible spending, and exploring cost-saving measures. To achieve these efficiencies, the university is committed to reimagining operations and identifying collaborative opportunities across departments. The university is also committed to finding new ways to generate revenue to balance the budget. Will there be layoffs? The University of Windsor is committed to exploring all opportunities to create efficiencies and minimize the impact on employees and service levels. However, due to significant external pressures and the need to balance the budget, staffing levels may be adjusted where necessary. It is anticipated that approximately 30 positions will be eliminated across campus, which could result in layoffs. We are working with our Union partners to support those employees impacted. Collective Agreements have clear bumping language to help support employees. The University has been filling vacant positions with internal candidates and will continue to do so. Employees affected by these decisions have been informed of their rights under their respective collective agreements. The University is providing support during this transition to ensure all employees are aware of their options and resources. What are the next steps for those affected? The affected staff will make their job selections per the timelines indicated in the respective collective agreements. Any subsequent displacement notification will be issued from there. Have all the position elimination notices been delivered? We anticipate that notifications will be distributed by the end of August. Are there any vacant positions waiting to be posted? Vacant and available positions will be posted internally. Employees affected by position eliminations can apply to the postings. The University will follow the agreed upon recruitment processes as per their respective collective agreements. Are there resources available for UWindsor employees during this challenging time? Yes. The University of Windsor recognizes that during this challenging time, employees may wish to seek wellness and mental health support. There are a variety of resources available: Workplace Wellness Initiatives and Employee Mental Health Strategy. Is the University considering retirement incentive programs to manage the budget reduction? Early in 2024, the University and WUFA agreed to offer an expanded retirement incentive (or voluntary contract termination program) for faculty. The program, which closed in May 2024, was a success. The University is open to other such voluntary contract termination discussions with employee groups and will continue to work openly with union partners to develop solutions that mitigate layoffs. What specific financial pressures led to the EPICentre and University Players decisions? The current operating costs of these specific units were significantly outpacing revenue and measurable outcomes. The university faces several financial pressures, including a domestic student tuition rate freeze for a fifth consecutive year, no growth in base operating grants for several decades, and declining international student enrolment due to recent federal policy changes. Additionally, labour-related costs have increased due to salary and benefit adjustments according to collective agreements. Are executive offices also reducing their budgets? If so, by how much? Each member of the Executive Leadership Team was assigned the same 1.5 per cent budget realignment as the rest of the campus. Spending on Decanal and executive positions represents 3 per cent of the University's operating budget. Does the University have reserves or contingency funds to use for difficult financial times such as this? Because of the size of our University and our limited financial flexibility, UWindsor has modest reserves and contingency funds. While one-time funding from the government and the use of reserves and contingency funds can be helpful to manage short-term austerity periods, such as in 2020/21 during the COVID-19 pandemic, it is not a sustainable solution when the University is facing multiple years of frozen tuition and a lack of clarity on international enrolment forecasts. FAQs - Students Will tuition and fees go up? For the 2024/25 academic year, the tuition rate freeze continues for domestic undergraduates and graduates, which has been in place since 2019. Some domestic students, including students from outside of Ontario, and students in programs with tuition rates covered by the anomaly program, will see a small increase. International tuition for incoming students (that is, students who begin their studies starting in the Spring or Fall 2024, or Winter 2025 semesters) will see a modest increase to reflect actual cost increases and maintain financial stability. The International Student Tuition Guarantee ensures no change to tuition rates for international students throughout their degree program. To learn more about tuition and student fees, visit the Finance website. Will student support and services be disrupted? The university is committed to maintaining robust student support and services despite financial challenges. Key areas such as scholarships, bursaries, graduate fellowships, mental health services, co-operative education, registrars and academic support programs are protected from budget reductions. Efforts are focused on minimizing disruptions to essential services and reimagining student programming to enhance the experience and prepare them for future success. How will this restructure affect current students and community partners? While the current operations of University Players have ceased and EPICentre will be closed, programming will be redistributed to minimize the impact on the student experience and community partnerships. No undergraduate or graduate programs are being eliminated as a result of these decisions. The School of Dramatic Art (SoDA) will explore innovative ways to deliver programs, seeking to strengthen opportunities for students, and create collaborations within the university and the theatre community. Regarding EPICentre, the university acknowledges the significance of innovation and entrepreneurship in fostering academic and community growth. The EPICentre’s reimagining will allow the university to reconfigure its approach to innovation and entrepreneurship, developing a cohesive ecosystem that includes internal and external partners. University Players Closure FAQs share post save share post save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency and Crisis Services Follow us on X (Twitter) Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram