Explore Bell's Cell Phone Plans | Bell Mobility | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Mobility Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Mobility Why Bell Our network Devices Bring your own phone Plans Prepaid Promotions Accessories Connected things Travel change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Explore Bell's Cell Phone Plans Order online and we’ll waive the $70 Connection Service Fee.1 Mobility View all devices View all devices Rate plans Bring your own phone Buy a new phone Specialized plans is docked to bottom Black Friday Event Get amazing offers on rate plans. With Internet Mobility only Existing Bell Internet customers save up to $15/mo.$15 per month when they activate an Ultimate plan.2 Earn 7,500 Aeroplan® points when you activate a new phone on a 2-year unlimited plan in store. Find a Bell store. 5G Extra 120 $55.00/mo. 55 dollars per month old price stricken $45.00/mo.2 Price includes Autopay credit.3 120 GB non-shareable data at speeds up to 250 Mbps & unlimited data at up to 256 Kbps thereafter4 5G network5 SD video streaming* Unlimited calling, texting & data in Canada6 Unlimited international texting Footnote7 Sent texts include texts sent to a U.S. or International phone number while in Canada and excludes texts sent to a landline, roaming, alerts, premium texts (short codes), and texts sent with an instant messaging application. Received texts include texts received while in Canada from a U.S. or International phone number and service-related texts from Bell and exclude roaming and premium texts (short codes), alerts or dial-up texts. Overage rates may apply. Certain International destinations not available. See bell.ca/internationaltext for details. 1000 international minutes Order now Offer ends July 7, 2024. New activations only; must bring your own phone. 5G Extra 100 $76.00/mo. 76 dollars per month old price stricken $44.00/mo.2 $26/mo. credit when bundled with a home service. 100 GB non-shareable data at speeds up to 250 Mbps & unlimited data at up to 256 Kbps thereafter8 5G network access5 SD video streaming Unlimited calling, texting & data in Canada6 Unlimited international texting7 Crave Basic with Ads 9 Order now Offer ends July 7, 2024. New activations only; must bring your own phone. 5G+ Ultimate 100 $75.00/mo. 75 dollars per month old price stricken $50.00/mo.2 When you bundle with Internet. Includes Autopay credit.10 100 GB shareable data at our fastest available 5G+ speeds & unlimited data at up to 512 Kbps thereafter4 5G+ network access5 SD video streaming Hotspot capabilities Unlimited calling, texting & data in Canada6 Unlimited international texting Footnote7 Sent texts include texts sent to a U.S. or International phone number while in Canada and excludes texts sent to a landline, roaming, alerts, premium texts (short codes), and texts sent with an instant messaging application. Received texts include texts received while in Canada from a U.S. or International phone number and service-related texts from Bell and exclude roaming and premium texts (short codes), alerts or dial-up texts. Overage rates may apply. Certain International destinations not available. See bell.ca/internationaltext for details. Crave Basic with Ads 9 Order now Offer ends July 7, 2024. New activations only; must bring your own phone. 5G+ Ultimate 175 $80.00/mo. 80 dollars per month old price stricken $55.00/mo.2 When you bundle with Internet. Includes Autopay credit.10 175 GB shareable data at our fastest available 5G+ speeds & unlimited data at up to 512 Kbps thereafter4 5G+ network access5 SD video streaming* Hotspot capabilities Unlimited calling, texting & data in Canada6 Unlimited international texting Footnote7 Sent texts include texts sent to a U.S. or International phone number while in Canada and excludes texts sent to a landline, roaming, alerts, premium texts (short codes), and texts sent with an instant messaging application. Received texts include texts received while in Canada from a U.S. or International phone number and service-related texts from Bell and exclude roaming and premium texts (short codes), alerts or dial-up texts. Overage rates may apply. Certain International destinations not available. See bell.ca/internationaltext for details. Crave Basic with Ads 9 Order now Offer ends July 7, 2024. New activations only; must bring your own phone. 5G+ Ultimate 200 $60.00/mo. 60 dollars per month old price stricken $50.00/mo.2 Price includes Autopay credit.3 200 GB shareable data at our fastest available 5G+ speeds & unlimited data at up to 512 Kbps thereafter4 5G+ network access5 SD video streaming* Hotspot capabilities Unlimited calling, texting & data in Canada6 Unlimited international texting Footnote7 Sent texts include texts sent to a U.S. or International phone number while in Canada and excludes texts sent to a landline, roaming, alerts, premium texts (short codes), and texts sent with an instant messaging application. Received texts include texts received while in Canada from a U.S. or International phone number and service-related texts from Bell and exclude roaming and premium texts (short codes), alerts or dial-up texts. Overage rates may apply. Certain International destinations not available. See bell.ca/internationaltext for details. 1000 international minutes Crave Basic with Ads 9 Earn 30,000 Aeroplan pts when you bring your own phone. Order now Offer ends July 7, 2024. New activations only; must bring your own phone. 5G+ Ultimate 200 - CAN/U.S./MEX $65.00/mo. 65 dollars per month old price stricken $55.00/mo.2 Price includes Autopay credit.3 200 GB shareable data at our fastest available 5G+ speeds & unlimited data at up to 512 Kbps thereafter4 5G+ network access5 HD video streaming* Tooltip - Additional information Hotspot capabilities Tooltip - Additional information Unlimited calling, texting & data in Canada, the U.S. and Mexico11 Unlimited international texting7 1000 international minutes Crave Basic with Ads 9 Order now Offer ends July 7, 2024. New activations only; must bring your own phone. 5G+ Ultimate 200 - CAN/U.S./MEX $100.00/mo. 100 dollars per month old price stricken $75.00/mo.2 When you bundle with Internet. Includes Autopay credit.10 200 GB shareable data at our fastest available 5G+ speeds & unlimited data at up to 512 Kbps thereafter Footnote4 Reduced speeds are up to 512 Kbps. A one-time Connection Service Fee ($50) applies per member. 5G+ network access Footnote5 5G is available with compatible devices. Coverage is approximate; actual coverage may vary and may not include indoor coverage; see bell.ca/5G. The 5G network symbol appearing on a 5G device while in use means that 5G is available on the Bell network in the surrounding local area of the device. Speed, performance and whether a 5G device uses the available 5G depend on various factors including topography, environmental conditions, the current serving radio conditions at your location, and whether the device is actively downloading or uploading data and subject to Bell’s Internet traffic management practices (e.g., priority access to emergency personnel and critical infrastructure personnel). See bell.ca/ITMP. Outside 5G areas, 5G devices will continue to have access to our fastest 4G speeds available. Starting in select areas of Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Montréal and the Greater Toronto Area. HD video streaming12 Hotspot capabilities Unlimited calling, texting & data in Canada, the U.S. and Mexico Footnote11 Subscriber must be (and remain) a Canadian resident and the majority of your usage must be in Canada. Max. data usage per user may be capped at 10 GB/ billing period while in the U.S. and Mexico. Includes texts sent to a Canadian, U.S., or Mexican phone number while in Canada, U.S. and Mexico, texts received while in Canada, the U.S., and Mexico and excludes premium texts. While in the U.S. and Mexico, calls to numbers that are outside of Canada, the U.S. and Mexico are not included and will be billed at $1.45/min. Roaming outside Canada, the U.S., and Mexico is not included. Sending and receiving picture or video messaging in the U.S. and Mexico and Push-to-Talk services use data from your rate plan. Unlimited international texting Footnote7 Sent texts include texts sent to a U.S. or International phone number while in Canada and excludes texts sent to a landline, roaming, alerts, premium texts (short codes), and texts sent with an instant messaging application. Received texts include texts received while in Canada from a U.S. or International phone number and service-related texts from Bell and exclude roaming and premium texts (short codes), alerts or dial-up texts. Overage rates may apply. Certain International destinations not available. See bell.ca/internationaltext for details. Crave Basic with Ads 9 Order now Offer ends July 7, 2024. New activations only; must bring your own phone. View more plans All plans include Call Display Message Centre13 Call Waiting Conference Calling14 Worry-free roaming Use your phone in the U.S. ($13/day) and over 200 international destinations ($16/day). Roam Better automatically activates when you use your phone outside of Canada, making it easy to stay connected. Roam Better is an optional feature that you can remove. Subject to change. Learn more Other types of phone plans Talk & Text plans Prepaid phone plans Existing Bell Mobility customer? Log in to MyBell to manage your account. Log in Already have a SIM card or need to activate your phone? Activate SIM Plans for all of your other devices Stay connected with unlimited data starting at just $5/mo.$5 per month Tablets Smartwatches Connected Car Mobile Internet Trackers Connected Laptop Security cameras Not sure if your device can be used on Bell’s network? Check your device compatibility. See full offer details Available with compatible devices within Bell Mobility’s network coverage areas. Speed and signal strength may vary due to traffic, topography, environmental conditions and other factors, including Bell’s Internet traffic management practices (e.g., priority access to emergency personnel and critical infrastructure personnel). See bell.ca/ITMP. Services subject to acceptable use restrictions including consuming excessive network capacity or causing our network to be adversely affected. See bell.ca/acceptableuse. If you end your Service Agreement early or you change your rate plan to a non-eligible rate plan, you will have to pay an early cancellation fee. The early cancellation fee consists of your remaining device payments and the remaining balance on your Agreement Credit (plus applicable taxes) if you received one at the time of purchase. The Device Return Option Deferred Amount (if applicable) will also come due. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. A one-time Connection Service Fee (($70) per member) is applied on your first bill to activate your device on the Bell network. Additional one-time fees are subject to change over time. See bell.ca/onetimefees for details. A provincial government 9-1-1 fee may apply where applicable: QC: $0.52/mo.$0.46 per month (Effective January 1, 2025, the QC 9-1-1 fee will increase from $0.52/mo to $0.54/mo.), NS: $0.43/mo.$0.43 per month, AB: $0.95/mo.$0.95 per month, NB: $0.97/mo.$0.97 per month, SK: $2.14/mo.$2.14 per month, PE: $0.70/mo.$0.70 per month, NL: $0.75/mo.$0.75 per month, NWT: $1.70/mo.$1.70 per month (Effective January 1, 2025, the NWT 9-1-1 fee will increase from $1.70/mo. to $3.00/mo.). Bell remits required amount to government. Taxes extra. Shareable plans are only shareable with other eligible shareable plans. Other conditions apply. To change your rate plan at any time, log in to MyBell. (†) Available in the following areas of British Columbia: Abbotsford, Burnaby, Coquitlam, Langley, Richmond, Surrey. Available in the following areas of Alberta: Airdrie, Cochrane, Leduc, Okotoks, Red Deer, Rocky View County, Spruce Grove, St. Albert, Strathcona County, Wood Buffalo. Offer valid with an eligible 2-year or 30-day plan. New activations only. Applicable to smartphones only; not eligible on tablets, Mobile Internet or IoT products. Bill credit is comprised of waived one-time Connection Service Fee ($70) applied as a separate credit by your 1st or 2nd billing period. Available with a new activation of select devices with Bell SmartPay or Bring-your-own-device. Applied as a credit of up to $15/mo. Bring-your-own-device rate plans are on a 30-day term and will continue month-to-month thereafter. Rates are subject to change. See bell.ca/mobilitytermsofservice. Unlimited Share plan data is only shareable with other Unlimited Share plans (Personal). Not compatible with Roam Better. Autopay credit available with eligible plans. Requires pre-authorized debit payments, which must be set up within 31 days of order to keep the credit. Speeds of up to 512 Kbps for light web browsing, email and messaging. 5G/5G+ access requires a compatible device and a compatible rate plan (even if a 5G/5G+ symbol appears on your device). Coverage is approximate, may vary and may not include indoor coverage; see bell.ca/5G. Speed, performance and whether a 5G/5G+ device uses the available 5G/5G+ network depend on various factors including: your rate plan, topography, environmental conditions, the current serving radio conditions at your location and whether the device is actively downloading or uploading data. Access is subject to Bell’s management of network resources, using methods which include Internet traffic management practices. See bell.ca/ITMP. Applies to calls made from Canada to a Canadian phone number or calls received from any number while you are inside Canada. Only available in Canada. Sent texts include texts sent to a Canadian phone number while in Canada and excludes texts sent to a landline, texts sent to a U.S. or international phone number, premium texts (short codes), alerts, texts sent with a messaging application and roaming (international GSM texts). Received texts include texts received while in Canada and excludes roaming, premium texts (short codes), alerts or dial-up texts received from a messaging application Sent texts include texts sent to a U.S. or International phone number while in Canada and excludes texts sent to a landline, roaming, alerts, premium texts (short codes), and texts sent with an instant messaging application. Received texts include texts received while in Canada from a U.S. or International phone number and service-related texts from Bell and exclude roaming and premium texts (short codes), alerts or dial-up texts. Overage rates may apply. Certain International destinations not available. See bell.ca/internationaltext for details. Speeds of up to 256 Kbps for very light web browsing, email and messaging. Available with continued subscription to your rate plan and registration to Crave Basic with Ads. Data usage charges may apply. Changes in your plan will result in loss of Crave Basic with Ads. Downloading Crave Basic with Ads content is not available. Video Resolution is up to 720p. A limited number of titles are unavailable on the Crave Basic with Ads plan due to licensing restrictions. Airplay, Roku, PS4 and PS5 are not supported in this package. Crave Basic with Ads will automatically stop after promotional period. Crave is a trademark of Bell Media Inc. and used under license. Promotional credit: Available with new activations on Bring Your Own Device (BYOD), and on any Unlimited Ultimate plan (30-day BYOD; excludes tablets, Mobile Internet and IoT products). Savings applied as a $21 monthly bill credit. Additional one-time fees are subject to change over time. See bell.ca/onetimefees for details. Autopay credit: Available with eligible plans. Requires pre-authorized debit payments, which must be set up within 31 days of order to keep the credit. Subscriber must be (and remain) a Canadian resident and the majority of your usage must be in Canada. Max. data usage per user may be capped at 10 GB/ billing period while in the U.S. and Mexico. Includes texts sent to a Canadian, U.S., or Mexican phone number while in Canada, U.S. and Mexico, texts received while in Canada, the U.S., and Mexico and excludes premium texts. While in the U.S. and Mexico, calls to numbers that are outside of Canada, the U.S. and Mexico are not included and will be billed at $1.45/min. Roaming outside Canada, the U.S., and Mexico is not included. Sending and receiving picture or video messaging in the U.S. and Mexico and Push-to-Talk services use data from your rate plan. High definition video quality is 1080p and is dependent on streaming service platform and device capability. Includes 25 5-minute messages. Simultaneous use of airtime. Mobility account not found There is no Mobility account linked to this MyBell profile. To continue, please link your Mobility bill to this MyBell profile. If your bill is already linked to another profile, please log in under that username instead. Don’t have a Mobility service? Continue shopping. Link Mobility bill Log in to another profile I forgot my username or password Buy the SIM card with a monthly plan build your solution now Select an option Are you a new or existing Bell customer? I'm new to Bell Create a new account. I'm an existing customer Manage my account. Please select your province to see the most accurate information, including pricing and product availability {0} This is the region you are currently browsing in. {0} This is a Region you may be interested in. Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Select an option Are you a new or existing Bell customer? I'm new to Bell Create a new account. I'm an existing customer Manage my account. Please select your province to see the most accurate information, including pricing and product availability {0} This is the region you are currently browsing in. {0} This is a Region you may be interested in. Back to What services would you like to order? Mobility and Internet I want to order both Mobility and home services and save up to $15/mo. on my new Mobility line. Mobility only I just want a Mobility line without the home services bundle offer. Back to How would you like to place your order? Chat live Available 7 days a week from 7 a.m. to midnight Call 1 866 768-1196 Available 7 days a week from 7 a.m. to midnight Back to Are you adding a new line or upgrading your phone on an existing line? Add a line I want to add a line to my account. Upgrade my device I want to upgrade my device. Back to Are you adding a new line or changing your plan on an existing line? Add a line I want to add a line to my account. Manage my account I want to manage my account. Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Buy the eSIM build your solution now Select an option Close modal Are you a new or existing Bell customer? I'm new to Bell Create a new account. I'm an existing customer Manage my account. Are you adding a new line or changing your plan on an existing line? Add a line I want to add a line to my account. Manage my account I want to manage my account. Please select your province to see the most accurate information, including pricing and product availability {0} This is the region you are currently browsing in. {0} This is a Region you may be interested in. Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon eSIM compatible devices Close Apple iPhone XS, iPhone XS Max, iPhone XR, or later (dual eSIMs supported on iPhone 13 or later) Google Google Pixel 3 series or later Samsung Samsung Galaxy S21 / S21+ / S21 Ultra or later Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 / Z Flip 3 or later Samsung Galaxy Note20 / Note20 Ultra or later Motorola Motorola Edge series / Moto G 5G or later eSIM compatibility may vary for models purchased outside of Canada. Please check with your manufacturer if you have any doubts. Unfortunately, this task cannot be completed online. Visit a Bell MTS store to add a device. <div style="text-align:left"><strong style="font-family: Arial; font-weight: bold; font-size: 14px; color:#111">Loading solution options...</strong><p style="margin:5px 0 0 0; font-size:14px; font-color: #555; font-family: Arial; ">Please wait a moment.</p></div> More ways to shop Find a store Chat Live Call us at 1 855 448-5399 Book an appointment Appointment options At a store Meet with a representative to learn more about our latest products, services and offerings. Book an appointment Have us call you now Skip the waiting time and get the next available representative to call you now. Have us call you now Over the phone Have a Bell representative call you at the time of your choosing. Request a call back Freedom customers: say hello to the better network. Save $240^ when you switch to Canada’s largest and fastest network.^^ Visit a Bell store ^ Current as of March 31, 2023. Available to Freedom Mobile customers switching to Bell with new activations on Bell SmartPay, or Bring Your Own Device, and on any Unlimited Ultimate, Essential or Promo plan (2-year or 30-day BYOD; excludes tablets, Mobile Internet and IoT products). Savings applied as a $10 monthly bill credit over the next 24 months. Regular price applies thereafter. Additional one-time fees are subject to change over time. See bell.ca/onetimefees for details. In-store only. ^^ Based on a third party score (Global Wireless Solutions OneScore™) calculated using wireless network testing in Canada against other wireless networks of combined data, voice, reliability and network coverage. See bell.ca/LTE for details. Additional details Close modal Back to main content Popular pages Travel and Roaming - Coverage Map Tablets Plans Mobile Internet Rate Plans Smartwatch Plans Arlo Go Data Plans Basic Rate Plans About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.