Fibe TV - Home | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home TV Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Fibe TV Why Bell Packages Equipment Fibe TV app 4K Promotions change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Fibe TV - Home Fibe TV View all plans Edit Find available services and offers When autocomplete results are available, use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. View all plans See if Fibe TV is available at your address. Check availability Do you need more time to make a selection? To prevent a timeout, please continue your session. Time left: 00:00 For your security, your session will expire shortly due to inactivity. Time left: 10 minutes Continue Session timeout Due to inactivity, your session has timed out. Start over Check availability of Bell Fibe TV Loading data. Please wait... The new Fibe TV. Now with thousands of apps.1 Live and On Demand TV Thousands of apps Voice control Universal search Fibe TV app A superior live and on demand TV experience Enjoy the most live channels and on demand shows and movies, along with Crave, Netflix, Prime Video and YouTube all in one place1. View packages Thousands of apps Access your favourite apps, from games to fitness, right on your TV service with the complete catalogue of apps from Google Play.1 Voice Remote powered by Google Assistant Tune in to a channel Tell Google which channel you want to watch. Access your apps Ask Google to open your favourite apps. Control smart home devices Ask Google to control your favourite smart home devices such as lights, locks and alarms. Universal search Find shows and movies with our universal search, which displays all results across Fibe TV and your streaming services. Access all of your shows from anywhere with the best TV app2 Enjoy the same great TV experience by streaming your live and on demand channels. Set and watch your recordings at any time, from anywhere and on any device with the Fibe TV app.2 About Fibe TV app New, compact Fibe TV Box So small it could fit in your hand, the Fibe TV Box will easily fit beside your TVs. Learn more Cloud PVR Record your shows with our Cloud PVR. Store up to 320 hours and keep your shows for up to 60 days. Donal’s Irish Adventure on CTV Life Switch to Fibe TV today. Get Gigabit Fibe 1.5 Internet in a bundle with Fibe TV. $125.00/mo. For new and existing eligible Mobility customers. Not a Mobility customer? Get this bundle for $135/mo. Learn more Find the perfect bundle. Choose the services that fit your needs from Internet, TV, Mobility and Home phone. Build your bundle Channel details Additional details Fibe TV Box and one voice remote is included on all Fibe TV + Internet bundles, with the exception of Starter 3 service bundle. An additional charge of $10/month is required for the Cloud PVR functionality. A separate subscription to each application service may be required to view its content. Viewing content on the app will count towards your monthly Internet data usage. Access to apps only available on a TV connected to a Fibe TV Box. Fibe TV app is available with compatible devices. Usage charges may apply if viewing without an unlimited plan. Download & Go is available on smartphones and tablets for select on-demand add-on content and recordings if your TV service includes PVR features on the app. When included, recordings are available for maximum 60 days on the Fibe TV app. Select content may be unavailable on the app, including in-home or out of home, or when viewing with a third-party Internet connection. Content subject to change without notice and blackout periods may apply. Viewing live content on your TV screen with a Bell Streamer, Google ChromecastTM, Apple TV (4th gen. or 4K box), AirPlay, Amazon Fire TV (basic edition or higher), or Android TV (Google-certified) is only available in-home and requires eligible Bell Internet. The BELL and FIBE trademarks are owned by Bell Canada. The CRAVE and CTV trademarks are owned by Bell Media Inc. Google, Google Play and YouTube are trademarks of Google LLC. All other trademarks are owned or used under licence by Bell Canada or one of its subsidiaries. More ways to shop Chat Live Call us at 1 866 845-2998 Book an appointment Find a store Appointment options At a store Meet with a representative to learn more about our latest products, services and offerings. Book an appointment Have us call you now Skip the waiting time and get the next available representative to call you now. Have us call you now Over the phone Have a Bell representative call you at the time of your choosing. Request a call back Additional details Close modal Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.