Taylor Swift The Eras Tour contest FAQs - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Support / Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour | FAQs Email this page Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour | FAQs Rogers customers have a chance to win one of 35 pairs of tickets every week to Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour in Toronto or Vancouver. Table of Contents Who will receive an email or text with details on how to enter the contest? I am a Rogers customer but didn’t receive an email or text message, how do I enter? My wireless phone number is part of my family’s account. Will I also receive an email or text to enter the contest? I became an eligible Rogers customer after the contest launched. Can I participate? I deleted my email or text message. Will I be sent the information again? How are potential winners selected?  If I am a potential winner, how will I know I’m selected?  I have received an email or text message claiming to giveaway tickets to Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour. How do I know if it’s from Rogers?  I don’t live in Toronto or Vancouver. Is accommodation and travel included? I still receive my bill from Shaw. Am I eligible to enter?  I still have a question. Who can I reach out to? I am not a Rogers customer. Can I enter the contest? Who will receive an email or text with details on how to enter the contest? Rogers customers with eligible accounts in good standing will receive an email or text.  If you are subscribed to marketing communications, you're already on the list and there's no action on your end. If you have previously unsubscribed, you'll need to resubscribe to get the email or text. You can do this by signing into your MyRogers account. Back to Top I am a Rogers customer but didn’t receive an email or text message, how do I enter? You may have unsubscribed from our communications. Please reach out to RogersLovesTaylor@rci.rogers.com. Back to Top My wireless phone number is part of my family’s account. Will I also receive an email or text to enter the contest? Yes! Keep an eye out for your entry details by email or text.  Back to Top I became an eligible Rogers customer after the contest launched. Can I participate? Absolutely! The contest runs from August 6 to November 26, 2024. If you become an eligible Rogers customer with a new subscription, and have not received a contest invitation within 7 days, please contact RogersLovesTaylor@rci.rogers.com or you can mail in your entry. Back to Top I deleted my email or text message. Will I be sent the information again? If you didn’t open your email or click the link in your text message, we will follow up with you so you don’t miss your chance to enter. A final reminder will be sent closer to the contest end date. Back to Top How are potential winners selected?  Potential winners will be selected by random draw on Mondays each week and announced on Taylor Tuesdays. Back to Top If I am a potential winner, how will I know I’m selected?  Rogers will contact you directly by phone. Back to Top I have received an email or text message claiming to giveaway tickets to Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour. How do I know if it’s from Rogers?  Here are a few quick tips to verify if the email or text you received is phishing or fraudulent: Be wary of any requests that are urgent or require immediate action. Pay attention to slightly altered websites or email addresses and messages with spelling and grammatical errors. Rogers text messages/SMS will come from 410033 or 50500. Rogers and Shaw emails will come from rogers@e.rogers.com or RogersLovesTaylor@rci.rogers.com. Rogers will never ask for your account number, credit card, or address via text, email, or phone. We may request your email, phone number, and full name through RogersLovesTaylor@rci.rogers.com only. Back to Top I don’t live in Toronto or Vancouver. Is accommodation and travel included? Each week, the first 5 winners randomly drawn who live more than 1,000KM away from a concert location will be that week’s grand prize winners. They will receive travel and accommodation courtesy of Rogers. Back to Top I still receive my bill from Shaw. Am I eligible to enter?  Yes! Rogers and Shaw are one combined company. If you still receive a bill from Shaw, you are eligible and will receive entry details.  Back to Top I still have a question. Who can I reach out to? Email us directly at: RogersLovesTaylor@rci.rogers.com.  Back to Top I am not a Rogers customer. Can I enter the contest? Yes, you can send an entry to Rogers. Please read section 4. (b) of the contest rules for details. Back to Top