Home Security Packages | Smart Home | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Smart Home Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Smart Home Why Bell Packages Devices change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Home Security Packages Video and Automation package Keep an eye on your home with our simple, do-it-yourself solution. Enjoy a single, easy-to-use app to control and monitor all your smart devices yourself from anywhere. Choose between: *Outdoor/indoor camera1 OR *Video doorbell1 OR Smart thermostat Plus Mobile app1 1 smart light bulb 1 lamp dimmer/smart plug Get a $10/mo.$10 per month credit and pay just $9.99/mo.3 $9.99 per month 3 On a 3-year contract with an eligible Internet package and Mobility plan. Otherwise: $19.99 /mo.$19.99 per month and a $199 installation fee. *Video monitoring requires a home Wi-Fi connection.1 Order now Loading data. Please wait. Security Exclusive offer for eligible Mobility and Internet customers Sign up for a Good, Better or Best Bell Smart Home Security package on a 3-year contract and enjoy: ✓ A $20/mo.$20.00 per month credit for 36 months – that’s $720 in total credits ✓ Installation included – that's a value of $199 Good Package Get great security features like our mobile app and private guard response. Included: 1 touchscreen control panel 2 motion detectors 3 door/window contacts Mobile App1 Private guard response (where available) 2 Get a $20/mo.$20 per month credit and pay just $19.99/mo.4 On a 3-year contract with an eligible Internet package and a Mobility plan. Installation included. Otherwise: $39.99/mo.$39.99 per month and a $199 installation fee. *Video monitoring requires a home Wi-Fi connection.1 1 833 251-3206 Order now POPULAR CHOICE Better Package Everything that's included in the Good package plus video camera and smoke and heat detection. Included: Everything in Good Tooltip - Everything in Good Plus: 1 smoke and heat detector *1 camera1 1 touchscreen control panel 2 motion detectors 3 doors/ window contacts Mobile App1 Private guard response (where available) 2 Get a $20/mo.$20 per month credit and pay just $29.99/mo.4 On a 3-year contract with an eligible Internet package and a Mobility plan. Installation included. Otherwise: $49.99/mo.$49.99 per month and a $199 installation fee. *Video monitoring requires a home Wi-Fi connection.1 1 833 251-3206 Order now Best Package Everything that’s included in the Better package plus the convenience of home automation options. Included: Everything in better Tooltip - Everything in better Plus choose between: 1 smart door lock OR 1 smart thermostat OR *1 extra camera 1 1 touchscreen control panel 2 motion detectors 3 doors/ window contacts Mobile App1 Private guard response (where available) 2 1 smoke and heat detector *1 camera1 Get a $20/mo.$20 per month credit and pay just $39.99/mo.4 On a 3-year contract with an eligible Internet package and a Mobility plan. Installation included. Otherwise: $59.99/mo.$59.99 per month and a $199 installation fee. *Video monitoring requires a home Wi-Fi connection.1 1 833 251-3206 Order now Loading data. Please wait... Get a $100 one-time credit when you subscribe to a new Security package on a 3-year term.* You can also customize your package with additional devices Offer details Current as of April 1, 2021. Available to new Smart Home residential customers where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Early termination fees apply. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. *$100 one-time credit will be applied on Smart Home fees owed on the account after activation. Credit is non-transferable, non-reimbursable and has no cash value following cancellation of service. Early termination fees apply. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. For full functionality, some devices, such as cameras, require a reliable high-speed home Wi-Fi connection with a minimum upload speed of 1 Mbps. Use of video features will count towards your monthly Internet usage. Other services, such as remote access, mobile app and alert notifications, require a compatible device with a reliable high-speed Internet or mobile network connection. These devices, Internet and mobile connections are not included. Standard message and data rates will apply to all text alert notifications and remote access over Internet or mobile networks. Only available in select areas; check availability of this service at your home address with a Smart Home representative. Includes the dispatch of a private guard, instead of the police, to inspect the exterior of the premises for evidence of forced entry. If the alarm is false, limit of two dispatches per year; $55 per false alarm dispatch applies after. Available to new Bell Smart Home and current eligible residential Bell Internet and Mobility customers at the same address. Price is based on continued subscription to a Video and Automation Smart Home package on a 3-yr contract, less a $5/mo. $5 per month credit with an eligible Internet package and a $5/mo. $5 per month credit with an eligible consumer Mobility plan, for a total credit of $10/mo. $10 per month Bell Smart Home Video and Automation package is self-monitored only. If you subscribe to this package, your premises will not be monitored by Bell and emergency responders will not be contacted including in connection with any system notification or emergency event. Available to new Bell Smart Home and current eligible residential Bell Internet and Mobility customers at the same address. Price is based on continued subscription to a Smart Home package on a 3-year contract, less a $10/mo. $10 per month credit with an eligible Internet package and a $10/mo. $10 per month credit with an eligible consumer Mobility plan, for a total credit of $20/mo.$20 per month Includes installation of standard equipment in the selected Bell Smart Home package (no additional equipment/feature). Get a quote to switch or install a new system. Call us at 1 877 763-1555 to switch or install Have us call you back Get a quote Errors prevented the form from being submitted: Customer's first name Customer's last name Customer's phone number Customer's email Customer's province Select Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Nova Scotia Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Comment The browser version you are using appears to be out of date. In order to log in to MyBell, please upgrade to the latest version of your browser. Upgrade your browser Submit Thank you for your interest in Bell Smart Home. A Smart Home representative will be in touch shortly. Close Sorry. We’re unable to receive online requests right now but we’re working to fix that. Please try again later or call us at 1 800 267-2001. Close Additional details Close modal Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.