Plans and cellphones for parents of Kids and Teens - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Plans for parents of kids and teens Explore plans and device offers everyone will be happy with. Why Rogers is right for parents of kids and teens Safety first Your family’s safety is top priority. Keep within reach when you’re apart with unlimited Canada-wide calling and texting. Plus, get added security from unwanted calls with Spam Call Detect. Budget-friendly Meet your family’s growing needs with exclusive offers on plans tailored for your kids. Plus, choose from a variety of phones that you can finance for $0 down on approved credit and 0% interest. A network you can trust A fast and reliable 5G network that covers over 30M+ Canadians from coast to coast One family, one bill With one bill to manage and easy access to 24/7 service, having the entire family with Rogers can simplify your life and help you better manage your budget Let's find the right plan for your family Hand down a device additional line 5G Infinite Lite $ 39 .00 /mo± After Automatic Payments Discount11 Features in Canada Access to Rogers 5G/5G+ network 50 GB at speeds up to 250 Mbps. Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter** Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Unlimited international messaging from Canada4 Full plan details Get plan Finance your device additional line 5G Infinite Lite $ 49 .00 /mo± After Automatic Payments Discount11 Features in Canada Access to Rogers 5G/5G+ network 50 GB at speeds up to 250 Mbps. Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter* Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Unlimited international messaging from Canada4 Full plan details Shop phones 5G Infinite Essential $ 60 .00 /mo± After Automatic Payments Discount6 when you bring your own device Features Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Access to 5G/5G+ network 75GB at speeds up to 1 Gbps. Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter* Spam Call Detect Available to parents of kids and teens aged 18 years or younger only. Must provide your child’s passport, birth certificate or driver’s licence for proof of age. Available in-store only. Offer available for new activations. Full plan details 1-855-353-6903 Peace of mind for your device Protect your phone from damage and spills, with the first screen repair on us! Get it now More from Rogers Discover what more Rogers have to offer for you and your kids Parent resource hub Learn tips and tricks on how manage your child’s data usage and how to create a positive and safe experience online. Learn more Infinite Plans Need more data for your kids? See if Rogers Infinite plans are right for you. Learn more Prepaid Plans Flexible cost options for your kids’ first phone. Learn more Meet the Rogers Mastercard® 3% cash back value when you redeem with Rogers. Exclusively for Rogers customers. Get 5 Roam Like Home days at no cost every year with an eligible Rogers mobile plan. Learn more Contact us by phone, online, or in-store Call 1-888-ROGERS1 Live chat Find a store See full details A Setup Service Fee of $70 applies to setup your device and related services.  The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through Live Chat and Customer Service).  If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $70 Setup Service Fee will apply.  Taxes extra. * Rogers Infinite data plans include high-speed data up to the speeds (if applicable) and allotment indicated in your plan on the Rogers network, extended coverage areas within Canada, and Roam Like Home destinations (see rogers.com/roamlikehome). Once you have reached the high-speed data allotment of your plan, you will continue to have access to data services with no overage beyond the high-speed data allotment at a reduced speed of up to 512 kilobits per second (for both upload and download) until the end of your current billing cycle. Applications such as email, web browsing, apps, and audio/video streaming will continue to function at a reduced speed which will likely impact your experience. We will send you a text message notifying you when you have used 90% and 100% of the high-speed data allotment included in your plan with the option to purchase a Speed Pass to add more high-speed data to your plan. 5G/5G+network access requires a compatible device and a 5G SIM card in a covered area (see rogers.com/coverage). In all cases, usage is subject to the Rogers Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy. ** Includes high-speed data up to the speeds 250Mbps (if applicable) and allotment indicated in your plan on the Rogers network, extended coverage areas within Canada, and Roam Like Home destinations (see rogers.com/roamlikehome). Once you have reached the high-speed data allotment of your plan, you will continue to have access to data services with no overage beyond the high-speed data allotment at a reduced speed of up to 128 kilobits per second (for both upload and download) until the end of your current billing cycle. Applications such as email, web browsing, apps, and audio/video streaming will continue to function at a reduced speed which will likely impact your experience. We will send you a text message notifying you when you have used 90% and 100% of the high-speed data allotment included in your plan with the option to purchase a Speed Pass to add more high-speed data to your plan. 5G/5G+network access requires a compatible device and a 5G SIM card in a covered area (see rogers.com/coverage). Plan requires registration for online billing. In all cases, usage is subject to the Rogers Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy. *** Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. ± Where applicable, additional airtime, data, long distance, roaming, add-ons, provincial 9-1-1 fees (if applicable) and taxes are extra and billed monthly. However, there is no airtime charge for calls made to 9-1-1 from your Rogers mobile device. Plan includes calls and messages from Canada to [local/Canadian] numbers only. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area, excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video Calling or similar services. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video calling or similar services. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada to a Canadian mobile number and received texts from anywhere. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates. On the Rogers Network, in an Extended Coverage area or in the U.S., excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video Calling or similar services. Plan includes calls from Canada and the U.S to Canadian and U.S. numbers only (calls from Canada to Puerto Rico, Mexico and the U.S Virgin Islands are not included). Includes messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to email addresses or Canadian, U.S. and international mobile numbers. Sent/received premium messages and messages sent while roaming outside the U.S. extra. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to Canadian or U.S mobile numbers and received texts from anywhere. Includes messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to email addresses. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates.U.S. numbers only (calls from Canada to Puerto Rico, Mexico and the U.S Virgin Islands are not included). Includes messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to email addresses or Canadian, U.S. and international mobile numbers. Sent/received premium messages and messages sent while roaming outside the U.S. extra. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to Canadian or U.S mobile numbers and received texts from anywhere. Includes messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to email addresses. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates. Plan includes unlimited text and picture/video messages sent from Canada to international numbers. Enhanced Voicemail is a service that allows you to receive up to 35 messages each up to 5 minutes in length and you can save each one for up to 10 days. Compatible device required. Call display allows you to see the number of an incoming caller even if they are not in your address book. Name Display allows you to see a caller’s name and number before answering the phone. Not all names and numbers can be identified. Connection to the Rogers network required for Name Display. 2500 Call forwarding minutes. Additional Call Forwarding minutes 10¢/minute (rounded to the next full minute). Excluding prepaid accounts, most enterprise plans as well as monthly plans that include roaming services. Taxes extra. Roam Like Home daily fee is a Pay-Per-Use rate and subject to change without notice. Fee charged per line in addition to plan monthly fee and applies per calendar day from first use in eligible destination until 11:59:59 p.m. based on Eastern Time (ET) regardless of which time zone you are roaming in. Roaming charges apply when outside the eligible destination. Data: Usage exceeding plan allotment charged in increments rounded up to next MB or GB (as per plan). Texts: Includes texts sent to local mobile number while in eligible destination or to Canadian mobile number. Sent/received premium texts and sent international texts to destinations other than eligible destinations charged at applicable rates. Calls: While in eligible destination, includes unlimited calls to local numbers or Canadian numbers. International long distance rates apply to calls to other destinations. See rogers.com/terms for full terms and conditions and list of eligible destinations. Purchase a tablet or smartwatch on financing and add the tablet or smartwatch to an eligible Rogers Infinite plan, and a monthly credit of $15 for the tablet or watch plan will be applied on your bill and will be applicable for 24 months. Full tablet plan and watch plan fees apply thereafter (currently $15/month, subject to applicable rate increases). This offer is available to customers activating a new line, completing a Price Plan Change or performing a hardware upgrade on non-discounted, consumer, in-market, Infinite Extra plan or above. Offer(s) for a Rogers Disney+ subscription available for a limited time and subject to change without notice. Six (6) mo Rogers Disney+ subscription available to mobile customers activating a non-discounted, consumer, in-market Infinite Extra plan or above. See www.rogers.com/plans for current list of eligible plans. After your promotional period, the monthly fee for your Rogers Disney+ subscription will be charged to your applicable Rogers account, per subscription, plus applicable taxes (currently $11.99/mo). Note the following details as they relate to the Rogers Disney+ subscription offers and your existing Disney+ subscription, as applicable: (i) once your eligible Rogers services have been activated, you must sign up for your Rogers Disney+ subscription within 90 days; (ii) the promotional period for your Rogers Disney+ subscription will begin the day you sign up (so you must sign up immediately to take advantage of the full promotional period); (iii) if you sign up for multiple Rogers Disney+ subscriptions, the offers will run concurrently and cannot be combined to extend your promotional period; (iv) if you sign up for multiple Rogers Disney+ subscriptions, you will be billed for each separate subscription; (v) only one Rogers Disney+ subscription may be applied per Disney+ account, which allows for up to seven user profiles; (vi) if you have an existing Disney+ subscription directly with Disney, you can activate your Rogers Disney+ subscription using the same Disney+ account and billing through Disney for your existing Disney+ subscription will be paused; and (vii) if you have an existing Disney+ subscription through a third party, you must manage that subscription with that third party to avoid duplicate subscriptions and fees. For full offer details, including how your access to the offer may end, see Rogers Third-Party Subscription Terms-Disney+ available at rogers.com/terms. A $10/month discount is available on eligible in-market consumer Rogers Infinite plans to customers who set up Automatic Payments on their account (not retroactive). You must keep Automatic Payments active with an eligible plan to maintain this discount. Discount will end if you move to an ineligible plan or cancel Automatic Payments. Roam Like Home is provided by Rogers Communications Canada Inc. (“Rogers”) and available to most Rogers customers with an eligible postpaid mobile plan (most enterprise plans, monthly plans that include roaming services as well as prepaid accounts are excluded). You will automatically be credited up to 5 Roam Like Home days per year on your Rogers bill once you link your Rogers Mastercard account to your Rogers postpaid account and eligible mobile plan. Both accounts must be in good standing. Unused Roam Like Home days at no cost do not carry over to the following year. See rogers.com/terms for full Roam Like Home terms and conditions. Discount of $10/month applies for 24 months when activating a 5G Mobile plan. May not be combined with any other discount offer unless specifically stated. Ineligible plan changes before the 24 months end will cancel the discount. Plans include Rogers Infinite Essential plan or Rogers Infinite Premium plan Financing : 0% APR on approved credit with a financing agreement (FA) and a Rogers Infinite plan. A down payment may be required based on our evaluation of your credit. FA based on full price plus applicable (excluding promo credits, if applicable, which are applied monthly on your bill for as long as your FA is in place); if your FA is terminated and or if your wireless plan is cancelled your outstanding financing balance becomes due. The promo credit (if applicable) will end in both cases.