Cannot make wireless calls - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Support / Mobile / Troubleshooting / Cannot Make Wireless Calls Email this page Cannot Make Wireless Calls If you are having issues making calls on your phone, please follow the troubleshooting steps below. If you are having issues with calling international numbers, visit this page for instructions on how to dial international numbers. Note: If you have no signal at all on your phone, visit this page for troubleshooting steps. Table of Contents Step 1: Restart your phone. Step 2: Ensure your Caller ID is showing. Apple iPhone: Android: Step 3: Ensure your contact can receive your calls. Step 4: Delete the contact from your phone. Step 5: Try a different network option. Apple iPhone: Android: Step 6: Check for outages. Related Links Step 1: Restart your phone. Try turning your phone off and waiting for 30 seconds before turning it back on. Sometimes this can help. For steps on how to restart an iPhone or Android phone, visit Restart your wireless phone. Once your phone is back on, try making a phone call. If phone calls are not working, and you don’t have bars of signal on your phone, learn how to restore service on your phone. If you do have signal, please continue to the next step. Back to Top Step 2: Ensure your Caller ID is showing. Other phones may block unknown or unidentified callers. Use the following steps to make sure your Caller ID is not turned off. Apple iPhone: Select Settings. Select Phone. Select Show My Caller ID. Toggle Show My Caller ID on so the green is showing. Android: Note: every Android is slightly different, but all should follow this basic formula. Select the Phone app. Select the Menu Button (3 dots at top right). Select Settings. Select Supplementary services. Select Show your caller ID and select the Always option. Back to Top Step 3: Ensure your contact can receive your calls. If it is only one number you can’t call, and your call goes to Voicemail instantly, try contacting them in another way to see if they may have blocked your number by accident. Back to Top Step 4: Delete the contact from your phone. If it is only a few numbers you can’t call, try to delete the number from your contacts on your phone, then call the number. If it works, you can add the number back to your contacts again and make sure it still works. Back to Top Step 5: Try a different network option. Please follow the steps below to test a different network option. Apple iPhone: Select Settings. Select Cellular. Select Cellular Data Options. Under Enable LTE or Voice and Data, select Off or 2G/3G. Android: Note: every Android is slightly different, but all should follow this basic formula. Select Settings. Select Connections (sometimes called Network and Internet on different versions of Android). Select Mobile Networks (you may need to click on More first). Select Network Mode. Select GSM Only. Try making a phone call and note if it works and then switch the network mode back to the previous selection and continue to the next step. Back to Top Step 6: Check for outages. If the steps above have not fixed your issue, please visit the Wireless Troubleshooting page for additional support, where you will be able to check for outages and get assistance from our Virtual Assistant Anna. Back to Top Related Links Network Help & Outages > Cannot Receive Wireless Calls > No Service on Your Cell Phone? Try These Steps for Help > How to Call International Numbers > Back to Top