Network | Canada's Largest and Fastest 5G Network | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Mobility Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Mobility Why Bell Our network Devices Bring your own phone Plans Prepaid Promotions Accessories Connected things Travel change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Network Mobility View all plans View all plans Everything you do is better on a better network. Get on Canada’s best 5G network. The largest network The fastest 5G network1 The most reliable 5G network1 Canada’s fastest 5G network is taking mobile speeds to new heights with Bell 5G+. Bell 5G+ (which leverages the 3500 MHz spectrum) offers the latest in network technology so you can expect more immersive video, gaming experiences and more of what you do online to be faster and more responsive with this next phase of 5G advancement. The Bell 5G+ network is Canada’s most advanced network. And now, we’re making it even better with 5G+ coverage, which is available to over 51% of the Canadian population today2 and will continue to expand over time. Learn more about the benefits of 5G and 5G+ 5G+ compatible devices Devices compatible with the Bell 5G+ network: Samsung Galaxy S22, Galaxy S22+, Galaxy S22 Ultra Google Pixel 6, Google Pixel 6a, Pixel 6 Pro Google Pixel 4a 5G Google Pixel 5 iPhone 12, iPhone 12 mini, iPhone 12 Pro, iPhone 12 Pro Max iPhone 13, iPhone 13 mini, iPhone 13 Pro, iPhone 13 Pro Max iPhone SE (3rd generation) iPad mini (6th generation) iPad Pro 2021 (11”), iPad Pro 2021 (12.9”) iPad Air (5th generation) Latest device software update needed to access the 5G+ network. Bell named Canada’s fastest and most reliable 5G network.1 Global Wireless Solutions (GWS) conducts the most comprehensive drive test of wireless networks in Canada and reconfirmed that Bell’s network outperforms all other national wireless networks.1 Experience incredible video streaming when you’re on Canada’s best national network.1 Enjoy a fast-streaming and high-quality viewing experience on Canada's best national network.1 Using advanced network technology allows for multiple streams of data at high speeds, so you won't need to worry about delays, buffering or lag while watching videos and shows or streaming your favourite content, wherever you are. Canada’s fastest network. We consistently deliver faster LTE speeds in more places than any other network and in our 5G coverage areas we are faster than our competitor. This means you can stream, download, browse and share at blazing-fast speeds from coast to coast. With Bell, you can access peak theoretical download speeds of up to 1.5 Gbps on LTE in select cities* and 1.7 Gbps in select areas of Western Canada, Ontario and Québec on our 5G network (average expected speeds between 89–705 Mbps). * Available in Kingston, Waterloo, Toronto, Mississauga, Vaughan, Richmond Hill, Markham, Brampton, North Bay, Niagara-on-the-Lake, Cambridge, Pickering, Ajax, Burlington, Guelph, London, Niagara Falls, Oakville, St. Catharines, Thorold, Thunder Bay, Welland and Ottawa. Canada’s largest LTE network. Our super-fast LTE network covers 99% of the Canadian population.3 It will be the backbone for our 5G network as it expands across Canada to a similar footprint over the next few years. See coverage map More info Coverage Map 5G coverage With Bell, you’ll get 5G coverage across Canada. Although the 5G network will take some time to roll out fully, it will begin with greater speeds in select cities, with more coming soon. More about Bell's 5G coverage Introducing Voice and Video over LTE. Voice and Video over LTE is the next generation of voice and video calling. Now, with Voice and Video over LTE technology, you can make and receive voice and video calls with improved voice quality, and you can switch between voice and video during calls. Voice and Video over LTE is available in select areas across Canada, with coverage in every province and territory. It’s also available while roaming in the U.S. (including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands) on select devices. It will expand to other areas in the near future. Learn more A reliable connection Bell connects the vast majority of cell towers with fibre, the best network technology, to give customers a reliable connection. In addition, our in-building coverage improvements deliver a strong LTE signal. Backed by the latest network infrastructure technology, Bell also gives you access to a network offering the most cell towers connected by fibre. Bell’s dedicated team of 7,600 network employees are continuously working to optimize our network, all with the shared goal of providing Canadians with the absolute best, most advanced mobile experience. Traveling outside of Canada? Bell is the first Canadian carrier to offer 5G roaming across the U.S. on select 5G devices. 5G roaming is now available in several international destinations, with more to come. See available coverage The Bell network. The first choice for first responders. For more than 30 years, Bell has supported the critical communication needs of first responders as they work to keep communities safe in times of emergency and crisis. Every second counts. Close video modal How we deliver best-in-class networks. Discover how we build, test, monitor, maintain and advance our networks to bring the best experiences to Canadians. Learn more expand View additional details Internet traffic management practices (ITMP) for Bell Mobility. Speed and signal strength may vary due to traffic, topography, environmental conditions and other factors, like Bell’s management of network resources, using methods which include Internet traffic management practices. See bell.ca/ITMP. Based on a third party score (Global Wireless Solutions OneScore™) calculated using wireless network testing in Canada against other national wireless networks. 5G/5G+ access requires a compatible device. See bell.ca/5G for coverage. Speed, performance and whether a device uses the 5G/5G+ network depend on various factors including: rate plan, topography, environmental conditions, current serving radio conditions at a given location and whether a device is actively using data. Access is subject to Bell’s management of network resources, using methods which include Internet traffic management practices. See bell.ca/ITMP. Based on total square km of coverage on the shared LTE network available from Bell vs. Rogers’ LTE network. See bell.ca/LTE for details. Additional details Close modal Back to main content Popular pages Samsung Phones Network Coverage Connected Things Connected Home Accessories Bell 5G Network Bring Your Own Phone Plans About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.