Plans and cellphones for Students - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Student plans Get exclusive student plans for student budgets. Why Rogers is right for students Budget-friendly Meet your student needs with exclusive offers on plans with no unexpected data overage charges. Plus, choose from a variety of phones that you can finance for $0 down on approved credit and 0% interest. Unlimited Calls & Texts All 5G mobile plans include unlimited Canada-wide calling1 and texting2, as well as mobile hotspot access. Connect in More Places A fast and reliable 5G network that covers 30M+ Canadians coast to coast. From streaming to online multi-player gaming, we’ve got you covered Affordable Devices With financing for $0 down (on approved credit) and 0% interest and Save & Return, your favourite devices are more affordable today and every day. Plus, enjoy convenient ordering with multiple shipping and pickup options Student-friendly plans for you Identification required for online purchase You’ll need your school email to get these plans. Failed validation may result in losing your student plan. Bring your own device 5G Mobile Student Plan $ 49 .00 /mo± After automatic payment discount.6 Features Access to 5G/5G+ network 100GB of non-shareable data at speeds up to 250 Mbps, data at reduced speeds thereafter** Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Available to students in Canada only. Must provide a valid Student email. Offer available for new activations. Full plan details Get plan Finance your device 5G Mobile Student Plan $ 60 .00 /mo± After Automatic Payments Discount6 Features Access to 5G/5G+ network 100GB of non-shareable data at speeds up to 250 Mbps, data at reduced speeds thereafter** Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Available to students in Canada only. Must provide a valid Student email. Offer available for new activations. Full plan details Get plan Go further. Stay close. Get 1000 International Long Distance Minutes to select countries with our 5G Student plan. Find a store More from Rogers Discover more of what Rogers has to offer Infinite Plans Need more data? See if Rogers Infinite plans are right for you. Learn more Certified Pre-Owned Devices Like new devices completely restored and thoroughly tested. Learn more Meet the Rogers Mastercard® Earn 2% cash back on all eligible purchases and get a 1.5x redemption bonus on Rogers purchases – that's a 3% cash back value. Get 5 Roam Like Home days at no cost every year with an eligible Rogers mobile plan. Learn more International Students For people new to Canada, including permanent residents, international students, or temporary foreign workers. Learn more Contact us by phone, online, or in-store Call 1-888-ROGERS1 Live chat Find a store See full details A Setup Service Fee of $70 applies to setup your device and related services.  The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through Live Chat and Customer Service).  If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $70 Setup Service Fee will apply.  Taxes extra. * Rogers Infinite data plans include high-speed data up to the speeds (if applicable) and allotment indicated in your plan on the Rogers network, extended coverage areas within Canada, and Roam Like Home destinations (see rogers.com/roamlikehome). Once you have reached the high-speed data allotment of your plan, you will continue to have access to data services with no overage beyond the high-speed data allotment at a reduced speed of up to 512 kilobits per second (for both upload and download) until the end of your current billing cycle. Applications such as email, web browsing, apps, and audio/video streaming will continue to function at a reduced speed which will likely impact your experience. We will send you a text message notifying you when you have used 90% and 100% of the high-speed data allotment included in your plan with the option to purchase a Speed Pass to add more high-speed data to your plan. 5G/5G+network access requires a compatible device and a 5G SIM card in a covered area (see rogers.com/coverage). In all cases, usage is subject to the Rogers Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy. ** Rogers 5G Mobile and 4G Mobile plans with no data overage include high-speed data up to the amount included in your plan on the Rogers network, extended coverage areas within Canada, and Roam Like Home destinations (see rogers.com/roamlikehome). Once you have reached the high-speed data allotment of your plan, you will continue to have access to data services with no overage at a reduced speed of up to 128 kilobits per second (for both upload and download) until the end of your current billing cycle. Even applications that do not require high bandwidth (such as basic messaging and location-based services) may be affected by this speed reduction. Applications that will likely be significantly affected by this speed reduction are those that demand higher bandwidths (for example browsing and video streaming). We will send you a text message when you are close to reaching your monthly high-speed data allotment at no additional charge, with the option to purchase a Speed Pass to add more high-speed data to your plan. 5G/5G+network access requires a compatible device and a 5G SIM card in a covered area (see rogers.com/coverage). Plan requires registration for online billing. In all cases, usage is subject to the Rogers Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy, and Network Management Policy. *** Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. ± Where applicable, additional airtime, data, long distance, roaming, add-ons, provincial 9-1-1 fees (if applicable) and taxes are extra and billed monthly. However, there is no airtime charge for calls made to 9-1-1 from your Rogers mobile device. Plan includes calls and messages from Canada to [local/Canadian] numbers only. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area, excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video Calling or similar services. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video calling or similar services. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada to a Canadian mobile number and received texts from anywhere. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates. Enhanced Voicemail is a service that allows you to receive up to 35 messages each up to 5 minutes in length and you can save each one for up to 10 days. Compatible device required. Call display allows you to see the number of an incoming caller even if they are not in your address book. Name Display allows you to see a caller’s name and number before answering the phone. Not all names and numbers can be identified. Connection to the Rogers network required for Name Display. 2500 Call forwarding minutes. Additional Call Forwarding minutes 10¢/minute (rounded to the next full minute). Excluding prepaid accounts, most enterprise plans as well as monthly plans that include roaming services. Taxes extra. Roam Like Home daily fee is a Pay-Per-Use rate and subject to change without notice. Fee charged per line in addition to plan monthly fee and applies per calendar day from first use in eligible destination until 11:59:59 p.m. based on Eastern Time (ET) regardless of which time zone you are roaming in. Roaming charges apply when outside the eligible destination. Data: Usage exceeding plan allotment charged in increments rounded up to next MB or GB (as per plan). Texts: Includes texts sent to local mobile number while in eligible destination or to Canadian mobile number. Sent/received premium texts and sent international texts to destinations other than eligible destinations charged at applicable rates. Calls: While in eligible destination, includes unlimited calls to local numbers or Canadian numbers. International long distance rates apply to calls to other destinations. See rogers.com/terms for full terms and conditions and list of eligible destinations. A $10/month discount is available on eligible in-market consumer Rogers Infinite plans to customers who set up Automatic Payments on their account (not retroactive). You must keep Automatic Payments active with an eligible plan to maintain this discount. Discount will end if you move to an ineligible plan or cancel Automatic Payments. For additional lines - The monthly service fee discount of $20 applies to new and existing customers adding a 2nd line or more additional lines to their Rogers Infinite plan. Excludes stick, hotspot, rocket hub, Talk & Text and Wireless Home Phone additional lines. May not be combined with any other monthly service fee discount offer unless specifically stated. Credit of $20/month for the 2nd line or more additional lines will appear on customer’s bill following activation and will be applied for as long as customer maintains eligibility. $20/month discount applied as a bill credit. Plan change will cancel the discount. Discount of $10/month available for 24 consecutive months with activation of an Infinite Student Plan. Student ID or proof of enrollment at a Canadian college, university, or adult learning institution required. Rogers reserves the right to request proof of enrollment at any time. Ineligible plan changes before the 24 months end will cancel the discount. Plan includes unlimited text and picture/video messages sent from Canada to international numbers. Save $360 over 24 months on an iPad 9 when you activate or upgrade to any iPhone, both with financing and a 5G mobile plan. Tablet plan extra. Financing : 0% APR on approved credit with a financing agreement (FA) and a Rogers Infinite plan. A down payment may be required based on our evaluation of your credit. FA based on full price plus applicable (excluding promo credits, if applicable, which are applied monthly on your bill for as long as your FA is in place); if your FA is terminated and or if your wireless plan is cancelled your outstanding financing balance becomes due. The promo credit (if applicable) will end in both cases. Purchase a tablet on financing and add the tablet plan to an eligible Rogers Infinite plan, and a monthly credit of $15 for the tablet plan or watch plan will be applied on your bill and will be applicable for 24 months. Full tablet plan fees apply thereafter (currently $15/month, subject to applicable rate increases). This offer is available to customers activating a new line, completing a Price Plan Change or performing a hardware upgrade on non-discounted, consumer, in-market, Rogers Infinite Premium plan or above. Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. Plans include Rogers Infinite Essential plan or Rogers Infinite Premium plan