Wireless Home Phone - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Wireless Home Phone Affordable Includes 5 calling features. No installation fees. Easy Setup Keep your current number. No technician required. No extra wires. Dependable 25 hours standby and 3 hours of talk time during a power outage. Pricing Unlimited Canada-Wide & US Calling 1 Exclusive to customers with a Rogers InfiniteTM plan $ 20 .00 /mo Plan includes: Enhanced voicemail Call Display Call Forwarding 2 Call Waiting Conference Calling All plans require a Wireless Home Phone device 3 Unlimited Canada-Wide & US Calling 1 Available without a Rogers Infinite plan $ 30 .00 /mo Plan includes: Enhanced voicemail Call Display Call Forwarding 2 Call Waiting Conference Calling All plans require a Wireless Home Phone device 3 How to get it Book an appointment Live Chat 1 855 877-3824 Long Distance add-ons Select option Europe Asia Europe Price $5 Minutes 200 4 (Only 3¢/minute!) Included Countries UK, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Poland and more. (Only 3¢/min overage). Long Distance Add-ons Category Europe Asia Price $5 $5 Minutes 200 4 (Only 3¢/minute!) 500 5 (Only 1¢/minute!) Included Countries UK, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Poland and more. (Only 3¢/min overage). India, China, Malaysia, South Korea, Singapore. (Only 2¢/min overage). Search U.S. & International Rates Tell us your call destination Common searches: Afghanistan Albania Algeria Easy Set Up 1 Plug it in Plug the Wireless Home Phone device into a power outlet. 2 Turn it on Turn on the device and check for a strong signal. 3 Start calling Connect your corded or cordless home phones and start calling! Full details A Setup Service Fee of $70 applies to setup your device and related services. Taxes extra. Offer available for a limited time and is subject to change without notice to existing Rogers wireless post-paid Talk & Text plan or Talk, Text & Wireless Internet plan customers (excludes Rocket Hub and all prepaid wireless customers). ± Where applicable international long distance, additional options and taxes are extra and billed monthly. Service intended for home use only (cannot roam with device). Wireless Home Phone device required and is sold separately. SIM included with device is locked and may only be used with the Rogers Wireless Home Phone device. Wireless Home Phone device has access to phone service over the Rogers wireless network in Canada (excludes Extended Coverage areas). Wireless coverage not available in all areas. Refer to wireless coverage map for details. For important wireless 9-1-1 information, visit rogers.com/911. 9-1-1 calls are routed based on the wireless network's automatic location technology, but you may have to provide your home address to emergency responders. Rogers recommends that you always have an alternative means of accessing 9-1-1 services from your home or business during a power or network outage. Corded or cordless landline home phone equipment is not included. Not compatible with services including but not limited to, wireless messaging and data services, fax service, medical alert systems, medical monitoring systems, credit card machines. IP/PBX Phone systems, or dial-up internet service. May not be compatible with your home security system or DVR/Satellite systems. Please check with your provider for options. Usage subject to Rogers Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy, rogers.com/terms. *0% APR on approved credit with a financing agreement (FA) and Wireless Home Phone plan. A down payment may be required based on our evaluation of your credit. FA based on full price plus applicable taxes (excluding promo credits, if applicable, which are applied monthly on your bill for as long as your FA is in place); if your FA is terminated and or if your Wireless Home Phone plan is cancelled your outstanding financing balance becomes due. The promo credit (if applicable) will end in both cases. Applies to calls originating in Canada on the Rogers wireless network (excludes Extended Coverage areas) and terminating in Canada or the continental U.S. and Alaska (calls to Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands not included). Not applicable while roaming. Only 10-digit Canadian and U.S. based numbers eligible (excludes special numbers like 1-900). Call Forwarding includes up to 2,500 minutes to Canadian numbers. Device can be used anywhere there is coverage on the Rogers wireless network in Canada (excludes Extended Coverage areas). Cannot be used while roaming. Wireless coverage not available in all areas. Refer to wireless coverage maps for details. Only 10-digit Canadian based numbers eligible (excludes special numbers like 1-900). 200 Europe Minutes: Includes only the following countries: United Kingdom, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Spain and Sweden. 500 Asia Minutes: Includes only the following countries: India, China, Malaysia, South Korea, Singapore. Excludes Hong Kong and Macao.