Biomedical student gains hands-on MRI experience through Outstanding Scholars program | DailyNews Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR MENU FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR DailyNews DailyNews In this section Current Issue Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Sign up to subscribe Contact DailyNews Current Issue Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Sign up to subscribe Contact DailyNews The Outstanding Scholars program provided new learning experiences for biomedical science student Priya Chana. Biomedical student gains hands-on MRI experience through Outstanding Scholars program Oct 21st, 2024 As a biomedical science student, Priya Chana is grateful for the exposure to physics she gained through the Outstanding Scholars program, which she says has broadened her academic experience. “I work with MRI machines now, and I’m actually able to operate them independently — something many students at other universities don’t get the chance to do,” Chana said. “I’ve also learned about coding and the inner workings of MRI technology, which is really exciting for me because I love physics.” The Outstanding Scholars program gives high-achieving second-, third-, and fourth-year undergraduates the chance to conduct paid research with faculty members outside their regular coursework. Many participants can also present their findings at UWill Discover, the University's annual student research conference. “The University of Windsor’s Outstanding Scholars program is unique in Canada for its interdisciplinary support network and campus-wide resources,” said program co-ordinator Tim Brunet. “Our students are highly successful in gaining admission to professional and graduate schools.” This is Chana’s second time in the program, where she was a top applicant. She is currently conducting research under professor Dan Xiao. During her first year, Chana worked on a sustainability project aligned with the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDG). Her group focused on SDG 16, which centres on fostering peace, justice, and strong institutions. Their project highlighted the targets the UN has set to achieve this goal as well as how the University of Windsor aims to meet the targets of SDG 16. Now, Chana looks forward to continuing her work with the MRI machines and is excited about what she has learned so far. “When I started school, I never imagined I’d be using an MRI every day, but now I am. Seeing how it all works has been fascinating — especially since I’ve always been interested in medicine. I’ve had family members undergo MRIs, so learning how the machine produces images with different contrasts has been really exciting,” she said. Chana said she is most looking forward to continuing her volunteer work in the pediatric department at Windsor Regional Hospital this school year, getting back into the lab, and expanding her knowledge through research: something she is now considering pursuing as a career. “Initially, I thought I wanted to go to medical school, but after engaging in research, I’ve developed a passion for it,” she said. “Now, I’m considering pursuing a PhD or possibly an MD-PhD. It’s a long journey, but my favourite part is discovering new things I never thought possible.” To learn more about the Outstanding Scholars program, visit uwindsor.ca/outstandingscholars/. Priya Chana Tim Brunet Outstanding Scholars Dan Xiao Strategic Priority: Teaching and Learning Academic Area: Science Biomedical Sciences share post save IT Services UWinsite Student Disruption - Wednesday, November 6 (Resolved) Nov 6, 2024 UWinsite Finance Refresh - Tuesday, November 5 Nov 5, 2024 UWindsor Daily News website under maintenance - Monday, October 28 Oct 28, 2024 Website and application disruption – Monday, October 28 Oct 28, 2024 Campus Wi-Fi Disruption - Friday, October 18 from 6:00 a.m. – 8:00 a.m. Oct 17, 2024 Internal Job Postings Nov 6, 2024 - Work-Integrated Learning Coordinator 'VI' in the Office of Experiential Learning - Co-operative Education & Workplace Partnerships (substitute until approx. Oct. 26/25) Equipment for Sale Oct 30, 2024 - Glasses, Tables, Chairs and Various Kitchen/Restaurant Items for Sale by Bid share post save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency and Crisis Services Follow us on X (Twitter) Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram