Deals on Cell Phones and Mobile Plan Offers - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Get a $70 credit towards the Setup Service Fee when you buy a phone online. Plus, enjoy no shipping fees on select phones with in-store pickup. Shop phones Mobile Promotions Mobile Internet TV Home Security Sign in for exclusive offers! Check out amazing plan and phone deals made just for you. Sign in Filters (0) Filters (0) Offer type Phone Offers (2) Plan Offers (1) In-Store Only (0) Tablet Offers (0) Watch Offers (0) Clear Apply (3) Get iPhone 16 for only $2/month! Sweet network, sweet phone. Get iPhone 16 128GB on Canada’s largest and most reliable 5G network* for as low as $62.09 $2/month (after bill credit, plus taxes) for 24 months after an eligible trade in1, financing2, and Save & Return (return device within 2 years)3 with select plans4. Trade in available in store only. Or, get it online for $62.09 $32/month (after bill credit, plus taxes) for 24 months on select plans with financing2 and Save & Return (return device within 2 years)3 and select plans.4 Full price: $1,490 Get it now Find a store Terms and conditions Offer available for a limited time only, or while supplies last, and subject to change without notice. A Setup Service Fee of $70 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through and Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $70 Setup Service Fee will apply. Taxes extra. A $25 shipping fee applies with standard delivery. *Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. Rogers was ranked first in the umlaut Mobile Data Performance audit in 2022-2023. Visit https://www.umlaut.com/en/benchmarking/canada Not available at all locations. $720 trade-in credit available when trading in a iPhone 14 Pro 128GB. Value of trade-in device, if any, determined using a third-party tool provided by Likewize Telecom Solutions Ltd; trade-in value is final and non-negotiable. Credit will be applied in-store to total cost of your purchase. If new device price is lesser than credit amount, remaining credit must be used on concurrent purchase of accessories and/or another new device for the same account or credit will be lost. Limit of 1 trade-in device per transaction. Trade-in device must be owned by customer in order to be eligible for the Rogers Trade-Up program. Customer is responsible for deleting/backing up all personal data on the trade-in device, Rogers and/or Likewize Telecom Solutions Ltd; is not responsible for any loss and recovery of personal data. Financing: 0% APR on approved credit with a financing agreement (FA) and a Rogers Infinite plan or 5G mobile plan. A down payment may be required based on our evaluation of your credit. FA based on full price plus applicable taxes less any Save & Return Amount (excluding promo credits, if applicable, which are applied monthly on your bill for as long as your FA is in place); if your FA is terminated and or if your wireless plan is cancelled your outstanding financing balance becomes due along with your Save & Return Amount (if applicable). The promo credit (if applicable) will end in both cases. Save & Return: Program consists of purchase of eligible phone on Rogers 5G Infinite plans with financing; Save & Return amount is applied after taxes to lower monthly financing program payments. You must return phone in good working condition (must power up to the home screen, accept a charge, and have the ability to perform a factory reset; LCD/touchscreen must be functioning and cannot have any dark spots and/or blemishes and there cannot be any physical damage to a device such as cracks in the body of the device or broken and/or cracked LCD/touchscreen and/or back glass; all accounts and passwords must be removed and/or turned off; device cannot have been reported lost or stolen) during month 24 (or in months 2-24 while upgrading to a new phone with financing), otherwise Save & Return Amount will be charged to your account. Cancelling your services during your 2-year Save & Return term will result in charging of Save & Return Amount, in addition to your outstanding financing balance, subject to any applicable adjustments to reduce your balance. Plans include Rogers Infinite Essential plan, Rogers Infinite Extra plan or Rogers Infinite Premium plan. Show details Get internet starting as low as $60/month! From city to cottage and everywhere in between, Rogers Internet has you covered. Choose from Rogers Xfinity or 5G Home Internet plans Shop Internet Get Rogers and a chance of a lifetime. Switch to Rogers for a chance to win tickets weekly to Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour. New customers will receive contest information within our next weekly contest email.* Contest details * NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Open to residents of Canada 13 years or older. Contest closes November 26, 2024 and is divided in 17 entry periods, with 35 prizes to be awarded in each entry period. Total of 595 prizes to be won (ARV ranging from up to CDN$1,000 to CDN$3,500 ea.); each prize includes 2 tickets to attend a Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour concert in either Toronto (ON) or Vancouver (BC). The odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received in each entry period. Correct answer to skill-testing question required to be declared a winner. Show contest rules Plans for the whole family, from $39/month Affordable 5G plans with 50GB of data when you bring your own device (after Automatic Payments Discount1). Available for additional lines only. Buy online View all plans Terms and conditions * Offer available for a limited time only, or while supplies last, an d subject to change without notice. A Setup Service Fee of $70 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through and Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $70 Setup Service Fee will apply. Taxes extra. A $10/month discount is available on eligible in-market consumer Rogers Infinite plans and 5G mobile plans to customers who set up Automatic Payments on their account (not retroactive). You must keep Automatic Payments active with an eligible plan to maintain this discount. Discount will end if you move to an ineligible plan or cancel Automatic Payments. Show details Google Pixel 8: better phone, an even better deal. Elevate your style with the Google Pixel 8 for only $0/month (after bill credit, plus taxes) for 24 months on select plans2 after an eligible trade in3 and financing1 . $0 down on approved credit, 0% interest. Full price $1108 Buy online Find a store * Offer available for a limited time only, or while supplies last, an d subject to change without notice. A Setup Service Fee of $70 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through and Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $70 Setup Service Fee will apply. Taxes extra. A $25 shipping fee applies with standard delivery. Financing: 0% APR on approved credit with a financing agreement (FA) and a Rogers Infinite plan. A down payment may be required based on our evaluation of your credit. FA based on full price plus applicable taxes (excluding promo credits, if applicable, which are applied monthly on your bill for as long as your FA is in place); if your FA is terminated your outstanding financing balance becomes due. If your mobile plan is cancelled, the outstanding financing balance becomes due. The promo credit (if applicable) will end in both cases. Plans include Rogers Infinite Lite, Essential, Extra, or Premium plan Not available at all locations. $240 trade-in credit available when trading in a Google Pixel 6. Value of trade-in device, if any, determined using a third-party tool provided by Likewize Telecom Solutions Ltd; trade-in value is final and non-negotiable. Credit will be applied in-store to total cost of your purchase. If new device price is lesser than credit amount, remaining credit must be used on concurrent purchase of accessories and/or another new device for the same account or credit will be lost. Limit of 1 trade-in device per transaction. Trade-in device must be owned by customer in order to be eligible for the Rogers Trade-Up program. Customer is responsible for deleting/backing up all personal data on the trade-in device, Rogers and/or Likewize Telecom Solutions Ltd; is not responsible for any loss and recovery of personal data. Show details Switch to Canada’s largest and most reliable 5G network1 starting at $50/month Don’t settle for less. Get a 5G mobile plan starting at $50/month3 After Automatic Payments Discount2 when you bring your own device and when paired with a home service. View plans Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. Rogers was ranked first in the umlaut Mobile Data Performance audit in 2022-2023. Visit https://www.umlaut.com/en/benchmarking/canada A $10/month discount is available on eligible in-market consumer Rogers Infinite plans and 5G mobile plans to customers who set up Automatic Payments on their account (not retroactive). You must keep Automatic Payments active with an eligible plan to maintain this discount. Discount will end if you move to an ineligible plan or cancel Automatic Payments. 5G Mobile plan 75GB includes $10/mo discount and Infinite Essential plan includes $30/mo discount as long as you keep Home service. Show details Elevate to epic with the Samsung Galaxy S24 Trade in an eligible device and elevate your style with the Samsung Galaxy S24 128GB for only $56.61/month $5.83/month (after bill credit, plus taxes) for 24 months on select plans with financing1 and Save & Return2 when you bring back your device after 2 years. Trade in available in store only.3 Or, get it online for $56.61 $20.83/month (after bill credit, plus taxes) for 24 months on select plans4 with financing1 and Save & Return2 when you bring back your device after 2 years. $0 down on approved credit, 0% interest. Full price: $1358.49 Buy now Find a store Terms and conditions * Offer available for a limited time only, or while supplies last, and subject to change without notice. A Setup Service Fee of $70 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through and Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $70 Setup Service Fee will apply. Taxes extra. A $25 shipping fee applies with standard delivery. Financing: 0% APR on approved credit with a financing agreement (FA) and a Rogers Infinite plan or 5G mobile plan. A down payment may be required based on our evaluation of your credit. FA based on full price plus applicable (excluding promo credits, if applicable, which are applied monthly on your bill for as long as your FA is in place); if your FA is terminated and or if your wireless plan is cancelled your outstanding financing balance becomes due. The promo credit (if applicable) will end in both cases. Save & Return: Program consists of purchase of eligible phone on Rogers 5G Infinite plans with financing; Save & Return amount is applied after taxes to lower monthly financing program payments. You must return phone in good working condition (must power up to the home screen, accept a charge, and have the ability to perform a factory reset; LCD/touchscreen must be functioning and cannot have any dark spots and/or blemishes and there cannot be any physical damage to a device such as cracks in the body of the device or broken and/or cracked LCD/touchscreen and/or back glass; all accounts and passwords must be removed and/or turned off; device cannot have been reported lost or stolen) during month 24 (or in months 2-24 while upgrading to a new phone with financing), otherwise Save & Return Amount will be charged to your account. Cancelling your services during your 2-year Save & Return term will result in charging of Save & Return Amount, in addition to your outstanding financing balance, subject to any applicable adjustments to reduce your balance. Not available at all locations. $360 trade-in credit available when trading in a Samsung Galaxy S22 128GB. Value of trade-in device, if any, determined using a third-party tool provided by Likewize Telecom Solutions Ltd; trade-in value is final and non-negotiable. Credit will be applied in-store to total cost of your purchase. If new device price is lesser than credit amount, remaining credit must be used on concurrent purchase of accessories and/or another new device for the same account or credit will be lost. Limit of 1 trade-in device per transaction. Trade-in device must be owned by customer in order to be eligible for the Rogers Trade-Up program. Customer is responsible for deleting/backing up all personal data on the trade-in device, Rogers and/or Likewize Telecom Solutions Ltd; is not responsible for any loss and recovery of personal data. Plans include Rogers Infinite Essential plan or Rogers Infinite Premium plan. Show details Welcome to Canada, welcome to Rogers Shop 5G-ready devices guaranteed to work in Canada and select mobile plans with international long-distance minutes. With Canada’s largest and most reliable 5G network1, Rogers is what more newcomers can trust. Learn more Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. Rogers was ranked first in the umlaut Mobile Data Performance audit in 2022-2023. Visit https://www.umlaut.com/en/benchmarking/canada Show details New 5G Home Internet Plug & Play. Risk free, try for 30 days $60/month Buy now Includes 5G Home Internet device. View details Show details Now get iPhone 16 Pro with 50% lower monthly payments A sweet pairing. Finance iPhone 16 Pro 128GB over 48 months at 0% with a Equal Payment Plan using the Rogers Red Mastercard and enjoy lower monthly payments by up to 50%. No interest, no mobile term contract needed.* Learn more Find a store Terms and conditions * Offer available to primary cardholders only on purchases of $250 or more made in a participating Rogers, Fido or Shaw-branded store using your Rogers Bank credit card. Terms of 36 or 48 months available. Offer must be accepted by the primary cardholder by submitting the request form with a Rogers representative at the time of purchase. Request cannot be made through your online Rogers Bank account or in any other manner. In order to qualify, at the time you submit your request: your account must be in good standing, you must have less than 6 Equal Payment Plans on your account and the outstanding balance on your account must be equal to or greater than the amount of the purchase. It may take up to 10 calendar days after submitting the request form for your purchase to be converted to an Equal Payment Plan. During the term of the Equal Payment Plan, interest will be calculated on the outstanding Equal Payment Plan balance at an annual interest rate of 0%. There is no interest payable from the date of the purchase up to the date the eligible purchase is converted to an Equal Payment Plan.  Show details Meet the Rogers Red Mastercard® Apply for the Rogers Red Mastercard® today and enjoy these amazing benefits: 3% cash back value1 when you redeem with Rogers. Exclusively for Rogers customers2 5 Roam Like Home days at no cost every year with an eligible Rogers mobile plan3 No annual fee Learn more Terms and conditions You will earn 2% cash back rewards on eligible purchases made in US dollars and 1% cash back rewards on all other eligible purchases. If you are an eligible Rogers, Shaw or Fido customer with an eligible service and your accounts are in good standing, you will earn 2% cash back rewards on all eligible purchases. Eligible services include postpaid Rogers or Fido-branded consumer mobile plans (including wireless home phone and tablet data plans) or any Rogers, Shaw or Fido-branded internet, TV, home phone, home monitoring or satellite plan.Business/corporate plans are excluded. You must be the primary account holder for the eligible service. Eligibility for postpaid Rogers consumer mobile plans includes user who has permission to make changes on the account (i.e. a Level 1 Authorized User). Cash back rewards are earned on eligible purchases or deducted for returns on a per-transaction basis based on the posting date of the transaction. Cash advances, balance transfers, cash-like transactions, interest, fees, insurance premiums and payments are not eligible purchases and do not qualify. Minimum redemption amount is $10 CAD. Cash back rewards can be redeemed online through the Rogers Bank app towards purchases or requested in the form of a statement credit annually. Account must be open and in good standing to earn and redeem cash back rewards. Foreign currency transactions are converted to Canadian dollars at the rate established by Mastercard International in effect on or after the date of the transaction and no later than the date the transaction is posted to the account plus an amount equal to 2.5% of the transaction amount after it has been converted to Canadian dollars. Your cash back rewards can be redeemed for 150% of their regular redemption value when you apply them against eligible Rogers Communications Canada Inc. (“Rogers”) purchases, including new phones, bill payments and accessories. Fido and Shaw purchases are included. Exclusions apply. Redemptions must be made in the Rogers Bank app, where eligible Rogers purchases are identified. Minimum redemption amount is $10 CAD. Roam Like Home is provided by Rogers Communication Canada Inc. (“Rogers”) and available to most Rogers customers with an eligible postpaid mobile plan (most enterprise plans, monthly plans that include roaming services as well as prepaid accounts are excluded). You will automatically be credited up to 5 Roam Like Home days per year on your Rogers bill once you link your Rogers Mastercard account to your Rogers postpaid account and eligible mobile plan. Both accounts must be in good standing. Unused Roam Like Home days at no cost do not carry over to the following year. See rogers.com/terms for full Roam Like Home terms and conditions. Show details Want to get the latest news about our offers? Sign up to learn more about our limited-time deals from Rogers! Sign up