Rogers Xfinity TV and Internet Bundles - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Rogers Xfinity TV Bundles Connecting you to the entertainment you love. Shop Expect the best from TV and internet together 100 Mbps 250 Mbps 500 Mbps 1 Gbps 2 Gbps Pair your ideal TV plan with unlimited 100 Mbps internet. Essentials $ 25 .00 /mo* when paired with internet Bundle for $100/month for 24 months. TV Up to 35 channels Local news and Canadian stations +28 Check availability Popular TV $ 55 .00 /mo when paired with internet Bundle for $130/month for 24 months. TV Up to 116 channels Popular sports, TV and movies Disney+ Standard with ads on us +109 Check availability Ultimate TV $ 80 .00 /mo when paired with internet Bundle for $155/month for 24 months. TV Up to 154 channels More news, sports + entertainment Disney+ Standard with ads on us +147 Check availability Get the best entertainment experience with Rogers Xfinity Best video experience Rogers was awarded best video experience by Opensignal - only with Canada's fastest and most reliable internet network.** Top choice More Canadians choose Rogers Xfinity entertainment where available.*** It’s entertainment as it should be. Award-winning voice remote Say it and see it – instantly search across all your content and apps with the Rogers Xfinity voice remote. Ways to get Xfinity TV Find a Store 1-855-677-1636 Live Chat See Full Details Offers available for a limited time to new customers in Ontario, New Brunswick and Newfoundland and Labrador where access/technology permits. Subject to change without notice. Separate subscriptions are required to access certain streaming services. HDMI compatible TV required. Limit of 10 Rogers Xfinity Entertainment Boxes per account. Registration for online billing required. *Taxes extra. For term offers, a monthly credit will be applied against the thereafter price for 24 months. Rate increases to the thereafter price may occur during the term but will only take effect as of month 25. Early cancellation fee applies. For month to month offers, credit(s) will be applied against the current price for the duration of the promotional period(s). Current price(s) may increase during subscription. One-time $39 Express Setup fee applies to set up your services on the Rogers network; additional $110 Pro Install Add-On fee applies at fibre-to-the-home addresses. **Claims based on National Overall Experience awards for average Download Speed, Reliability Experience, Consistent Quality and Video Experience. Opensignal Awards - Canada Fixed Broadband Report May, 2024 ***More Canadians choose Rogers Xfinity entertainment services (previously Ignite Entertainment services) where offered based on video subscribers. †Channel lineup may vary by region †† One-time bill credit will be removed if services are cancelled within the first 30 days. Access to Rogers Xfinity app requires Rogers Xfinity Internet, the Rogers Xfinity Gateway modem, a MyRogers account and a compatible iOS or Android device. When enabled in the Rogers Xfinity app Rogers Xfinity Advanced Security helps reduce the risk of connected devices accessing known sources of malware, spyware, bots, phishing as well and unauthorized or suspicious access attempts while connected to your home WiFi network. Rogers Xfinity Advanced Security does not guarantee protection from all online threats and this feature may experience disruption, inaccurate results and other limitations impacting performance. View FAQs about Advanced Security to learn more, including how to disable it to access blocked websites. Assuming optimal network, equipment and customer device conditions. For Rogers Xfinity Internet Gigabit or above, multiple Ethernet/wired and wireless connections are required to reach total maximum download speeds and/or symmetrical upload speeds where available. For Rogers Xfinity Internet 2, the maximum download or upload speed through the Rogers Xfinity Gateway modem is 2.35 Gbps + 0.15 Gbps transmission overhead. See Acceptable Use Policy at rogers.com/terms. Xfinity marks and logos are trademarks of Comcast Corporation, used under license. © 2024 Comcast undefined