Mobility | Mobile Phone Plans and the Latest Smartphones | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Mobility Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Mobility Why Bell Our network Devices Bring your own phone Plans Prepaid Promotions Accessories Connected things Travel change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Mobility Order online and we’ll waive the $70 Connection Service Fee.1 Mobility View all plans View all plans BLACK FRIDAY ON NOW! Get on the most reliable 5G network.2 Save over $850 on amazing phones. More deals Over 24 months with SmartPay. Compared to our device full price. Exclusive offer for Bell TV, Internet, or Home phone customers Save up to $20/mo. on select rate plans.3 Available when you bring your own phone or get a new one. Connection Service Fee ($50) applies. 1 866 698-5256 ∇ Current as of May 5, 2022. Available with new activation when adding additional lines on eligible 2-year plans (excluding Business, Tablet and Mobile Internet plans). There must be a primary subscriber activated on the account with an eligible rate plan to receive a $20 per line discount. Primary line not eligible for additional line discount. Unlimited Ultimate Plans. Get tons of data at 5G speeds, Crave Mobile and more. Plus, save $20/mo. for each additional line.∇ Shop now ∇ Current as of May 5, 2022. Available with new activation when adding additional lines on eligible 2-year plans (excluding Business, Tablet and Mobile Internet plans). There must be a primary subscriber activated on the account with an eligible rate plan to receive a $20 per line discount. Primary line not eligible for additional line discount. Get 10 GB of data for just $55/mo. when you add a line.* Exclusive online offer: save $50 when you activate online.** Learn more * Price after $31/mo. credit. Credit applied for each additional subscriber added to a primary account. Primary line not eligible for the credit. Available on the Bell LTE network with a new activation on eligible plans on the same account (max 9 members) with a primary account holder. Beyond 10 GB, speeds are up to 512 Kbps. You can continue to use data at these reduced speeds until your next monthly bill period. Video streaming is available at a maximum 480p and mobile hotspots are excluded. Not compatible with Roam Better. ** Current as of April 5, 2022. Offer valid with an eligible 2-year plan. New activations only. Applicable to smartphones only; not eligible on tablets, Mobile Internet or IoT products. Bill credit is comprised of waived one-time Connection Service Fee ($50) as a separate credit by the 2nd or 3rd billing period. Additional one-time fees are subject to change over time. See bell.ca/onetimefees for details. BLACK FRIDAY ON NOW! Save $880 on Samsung Galaxy S24. More deals Over 24 months with SmartPay. Compared to our device full price. BLACK FRIDAY ON NOW! Get our best prices of the year on iPhone. View iPhone 15 See more iPhone offers Our featured plans Bring your own phone Buy a new phone Show plans in a bundle with Internet All plans include Call Display Message Centre 4 Call Waiting Conference call 5 Use your phone in the U.S. ($13/day) and over 200 international destinations ($16/day). Roam Better automatically activates when you use your phone outside of Canada, making it easy to stay connected. Roam Better is an optional feature that you can remove. Subject to change. Learn more View all plans Ultimate 100 More streaming, faster downloads 100 GB at 5G+ speeds 6 Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter. 7 Unlimited data, calling and texting in Canada 8 Shareable data 9 Crave Basics with Ads 10 See all features (3) 5G+ network access 6 Unlimited international texting 11 Hotspot capability 12 $50.00/mo. 75 dollars per month. $75.00/mo. 75 dollars per month old price stricken When you bundle with Internet. Includes Autopay credit. * Order now Ultimate 175 More streaming, faster downloads 175 GB at 5G+ speeds 6 Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter. 7 Unlimited data, calling and texting in Canada 8 Shareable data 9 Crave Basics with Ads 10 See all features (3) 5G+ network access 6 Unlimited international texting 11 Hotspot capability 12 $55.00/mo. 80 dollars per month. $80.00/mo. 80 dollars per month old price stricken When you bundle with Internet. Includes Autopay credit. * Order now Ultimate 200 - CAN/U.S./MEX One plan, three countries 200 GB at 5G+ speeds 6 Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter. 7 Unlimited data, calling and texting in Canada, the U.S. and Mexico 8 Shareable data 9 Crave Basics with Ads 10 See all features (3) 5G+ network access 6 Unlimited international texting 11 Hotspot capability 12 $75.00/mo. 100 dollars per month. $100.00/mo. 100 dollars per month old price stricken When you bundle with Internet. Includes Autopay credit. * Order now Ultimate 100 More streaming, faster downloads 100 GB at 5G+ speeds 6 Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter. 7 Unlimited data, calling and texting in Canada 8 Shareable data 9 Crave Basics with Ads 10 See all features (4) 5G+ network access 6 Unlimited international texting 11 Hotspot capability 12 Voicemail to text 13 $60.00/mo. 85 dollars per month. $85.00/mo. 85 dollars per month old price stricken When you bundle with Internet. Includes Autopay credit. * Select a phone Ultimate 175 More streaming, faster downloads 175 GB at 5G+ speeds 6 Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter. 7 Unlimited data, calling and texting in Canada 8 Shareable data 9 Crave Basics with Ads 10 See all features (4) 5G+ network access 6 Unlimited international texting 11 Hotspot capability 12 Voicemail to text 13 $65.00/mo. 90 dollars per month. $90.00/mo. 90 dollars per month old price stricken When you bundle with Internet. Includes Autopay credit. * Select a phone Ultimate 200 - CAN/U.S./MEX One plan, three countries 200 GB at 5G+ speeds 6 Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter. 7 Unlimited data, calling and texting in Canada, the U.S. and Mexico 8 Shareable data 9 Crave Basics with Ads 10 See all features (4) 5G+ network access 6 Unlimited international texting 11 Hotspot capability 12 Voicemail to text 13 $85.00/mo. 110 dollars per month. $110.00/mo. 110 dollars per month old price stricken When you bundle with Internet. Includes Autopay credit. * Select a phone Ultimate 100 More streaming, faster downloads 100 GB at 5G+ speeds 6 Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter. 7 Unlimited data, calling and texting in Canada 8 Shareable data 9 Crave Basics with Ads 10 See all features (3) 5G+ network access 6 Unlimited international texting 11 Hotspot capability 12 $60.00/mo. 75 dollars per month. $75.00/mo. 75 dollars per month old price stricken When you add a line: $50/mo. Includes Autopay credit. * Order now Ultimate 175 More streaming, faster downloads 175 GB at 5G+ speeds 6 Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter. 7 Unlimited data, calling and texting in Canada 8 Shareable data 9 Crave Basics with Ads 10 See all features (3) 5G+ network access 6 Unlimited international texting 11 Hotspot capability 12 $70.00/mo. 80 dollars per month. $80.00/mo. 80 dollars per month old price stricken When you add a line: $55/mo. Includes Autopay credit. * Order now Ultimate 200 - CAN/U.S./MEX One plan, three countries 200 GB at 5G+ speeds 6 Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter. 7 Unlimited data, calling and texting in Canada, the U.S. and Mexico 8 Shareable data 9 Crave Basics with Ads 10 See all features (3) 5G+ network access 6 Unlimited international texting 11 Hotspot capability 12 $90.00/mo. 100 dollars per month. $100.00/mo. 100 dollars per month old price stricken When you add a line: $75/mo. Includes Autopay credit. * Order now Ultimate 100 More streaming, faster downloads 100 GB at 5G+ speeds 6 Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter. 7 Unlimited data, calling and texting in Canada 8 Shareable data 9 Crave Basics with Ads 10 See all features (4) 5G+ network access 6 Unlimited international texting 11 Hotspot capability 12 Voicemail to text 13 $70.00/mo. 85 dollars per month. $85.00/mo. 85 dollars per month old price stricken When you add a line: $60/mo. Includes Autopay credit. * Select a phone Ultimate 175 More streaming, faster downloads 175 GB at 5G+ speeds 6 Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter. 7 Unlimited data, calling and texting in Canada 8 Shareable data 9 Crave Basics with Ads 10 See all features (4) 5G+ network access 6 Unlimited international texting 11 Hotspot capability 12 Voicemail to text 13 $80.00/mo. 90 dollars per month. $90.00/mo. 90 dollars per month old price stricken When you add a line: $65/mo. Includes Autopay credit. * Select a phone Ultimate 200 - CAN/U.S./MEX One plan, three countries 200 GB at 5G+ speeds 6 Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter. 7 Unlimited data, calling and texting in Canada, the U.S. and Mexico 8 Shareable data 9 Crave Basics with Ads 10 See all features (4) 5G+ network access 6 Unlimited international texting 11 Hotspot capability 12 Voicemail to text 13 $100.00/mo. 110 dollars per month. $110.00/mo. 110 dollars per month old price stricken When you add a line: $85/mo. Includes Autopay credit. * Select a phone close modal Mobility account not found There is no Mobility account linked to this MyBell profile. To continue, please link your Mobility bill to this MyBell profile. If your bill is already linked to another profile, please log in under that username instead. Don’t have a Mobility service? Continue shopping. Link Mobility bill Log in to another profile I forgot my username or password Buy the SIM card with a monthly plan build your solution now Select an option Are you a new or existing Bell customer? I'm new to Bell Create a new account. I'm an existing customer Manage my account. Please select your province to see the most accurate information, including pricing and product availability {0} This is the region you are currently browsing in. {0} This is a Region you may be interested in. Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Select an option Are you a new or existing Bell customer? I'm new to Bell Create a new account. I'm an existing customer Manage my account. Please select your province to see the most accurate information, including pricing and product availability {0} This is the region you are currently browsing in. {0} This is a Region you may be interested in. Back to What services would you like to order? Mobility and Internet I want to order both Mobility and home services and save up to $15/mo. on my new Mobility line. Mobility only I just want a Mobility line without the home services bundle offer. Back to How would you like to place your order? Chat live Available 7 days a week from 7 a.m. to midnight Call 1 866 768-1196 Available 7 days a week from 7 a.m. to midnight Back to Are you adding a new line or upgrading your phone on an existing line? Add a line I want to add a line to my account. Upgrade my device I want to upgrade my device. Back to Are you adding a new line or changing your plan on an existing line? Add a line I want to add a line to my account. Manage my account I want to manage my account. Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Buy the eSIM build your solution now Select an option Close modal Are you a new or existing Bell customer? I'm new to Bell Create a new account. I'm an existing customer Manage my account. Are you adding a new line or changing your plan on an existing line? Add a line I want to add a line to my account. Manage my account I want to manage my account. Please select your province to see the most accurate information, including pricing and product availability {0} This is the region you are currently browsing in. {0} This is a Region you may be interested in. Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon eSIM compatible devices Close Apple iPhone XS, iPhone XS Max, iPhone XR, or later (dual eSIMs supported on iPhone 13 or later) Google Google Pixel 3 series or later Samsung Samsung Galaxy S21 / S21+ / S21 Ultra or later Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 / Z Flip 3 or later Samsung Galaxy Note20 / Note20 Ultra or later Motorola Motorola Edge series / Moto G 5G or later eSIM compatibility may vary for models purchased outside of Canada. Please check with your manufacturer if you have any doubts. Unfortunately, this task cannot be completed online. Visit a Bell MTS store to add a device. <div style="text-align:left"><strong style="font-family: Arial; font-weight: bold; font-size: 14px; color:#111">Loading solution options...</strong><p style="margin:5px 0 0 0; font-size:14px; font-color: #555; font-family: Arial; ">Please wait a moment.</p></div> The latest phones 0% APR Get a phone over 24 monthly payments at 0% APR with SmartPay. SAVE $880.00 * Samsung Galaxy S24 From $10.00/mo. for 24 months Taxes extra. Requires an eligible 2-year rate plan with Device Return Option. *Over 24 months on SmartPay vs. our device full price. Shop now SAVE $930.00 * Google Pixel 9 From $1.00/mo. for 24 months Taxes extra. Requires an eligible 2-year rate plan with Device Return Option. *Over 24 months on SmartPay vs. our device full price. Shop now SAVE $360.00 * iPhone 15 From $15.00/mo. for 24 months Taxes extra. Requires an eligible 2-year rate plan with Device Return Option. *Over 24 months on SmartPay vs. our device full price. Shop now See all phones See all phones Save up to $800 when you trade in.14 We'll give you a credit for the value of your current phone when you purchase a new one. Learn more Crave, now offered with select mobile plans. Enjoy the best series and movies from HBO, Max and more. See all plans Your browser does not support the video tag. Canada's fastest and most reliable 5G+ network15 We've built our award-winning network with a single goal: delivering the fastest speeds and the most reliable connection to Canadians. Find out why millions have already switched. The most reliable15 Whether you’re talking with loved ones, shopping online, or using a navigation app, you can always count on a consistent connection with Canada’s most reliable 5G+ network.15 The fastest speeds15 Speed matters for doing what you love on your favourite apps. From streaming, sharing content, and gaming, our network delivers the fastest 5G+ speeds15 in Canada. The largest coverage16 From city to cottage country, Canada’s largest 5G+ network16 has you covered wherever life takes you. Learn about our network Details †Offers available to current Bell Advantages Members with select Bell consumer and small business services and an account in good standing. The Bell Advantages Program and offers are subject to cancellation or change without notice. Offers cannot be combined with any other offers including products ending in .96. While supplies last. Taxes and Environmental Handling Fees are extra, where applicable. Bell mobile phone number or Bell account number must be presented at time of purchase. The Program discounts exclude certain products including The Source Gift Cards, all prepaid cards (such as airtime cards, iTunes, Xbox), mobile phones and plans, security deposits, pre-orders, laptops, desktops, monitors, gaming hardware, select media streaming devices, select Apple, Bose, Sonos, Beats, Google, Sony, Amazon products and other products The Source may designate from time to time. Extended returns offer an additional 30-day return window on most products except mobile phones and subscriber services connected devices. Cannot be combined with other extended return periods. All conditional requirements and exceptions still apply. Please see store or visit thesource.ca/ReturnsExchanges for details. For other Program terms, see thesource.ca/en-ca/register/termsAndConditions.. ‡ Available with new activations with Bell SmartPay on any Unlimited Share plan (2-year or 30-day BYOD; excludes tablets, Mobile Internet and IoT products). Savings applied as a $10 monthly bill credit over the next 12 months. Regular price applies thereafter. Additional one-time fees are subject to change over time. See bell.ca/onetimefees for details. ‡ Exclusive rate plan on your first line. Available when you bring your own phone or get a new one. Connection Service Fee ($70) applies. * With a new activation or upgrade. A $70 one-time Connection Service Fee applies. At participating locations. Must be 18 years or older and legal owner of the phone traded in. Max. 1 phone per trade-in. The minimum trade-in value of the device must be $25. Rebate applies at the time of purchase on the price of the device and/or accessories in store after taxes. Amount of rebate depends on the value of the phone. Device must power on and be functional. See bell.ca/trade-in for details. Offer valid with an eligible 2-year or 30-day plan. New activations only. Applicable to smartphones only; not eligible on tablets, Mobile Internet or IoT products. Bill credit is comprised of waived one-time Connection Service Fee ($70) applied as a separate credit by your 1st or 2nd billing period. Based on a third party score (Global Wireless Solutions OneScore™) calculated using wireless network testing in Canada against other national wireless networks. See bell.ca/network. Savings based on up to $20/mo. savings off of the rate plan on your first line. Includes 25 5-minute messages. Simultaneous use of airtime. 5G/5G+ access requires a compatible device and a compatible rate plan (even if a 5G/5G+ symbol appears on your device). Coverage is approximate, may vary and may not include indoor coverage; see bell.ca/5G. Speed, performance and whether a 5G/5G+ device uses the available 5G/5G+ network depend on various factors including: your rate plan, topography, environmental conditions, the current serving radio conditions at your location and whether the device is actively downloading or uploading data. Access is subject to Bell’s management of network resources, using methods which include Internet traffic management practices. See bell.ca/ITMP. Speeds of up to 256 Kbps for very light web browsing, email and messaging. Subscriber must be (and remain) a Canadian resident and the majority of your usage must be in Canada. Max. data usage per user may be capped at 10 GB/ billing period while in the U.S. and Mexico. Includes texts sent to a Canadian, U.S., or Mexican phone number while in Canada, U.S. and Mexico, texts received while in Canada, the U.S., and Mexico and excludes premium texts. While in the U.S. and Mexico, calls to numbers that are outside of Canada, the U.S. and Mexico are not included and will be billed at $1.45/min. Roaming outside Canada, the U.S., and Mexico is not included. Sending and receiving picture or video messaging in the U.S. and Mexico and Push-to-Talk services use data from your rate plan. Speeds of up to 512 Kbps for light web browsing, email and messaging. Available with continued subscription to your rate plan and registration to Crave Basic with Ads. Data usage charges may apply. Changes in your plan will result in loss of Crave Basic with Ads. Downloading Crave Basic with Ads content is not available. Video Resolution is up to 720p. A limited number of titles are unavailable on the Crave Basic with Ads plan due to licensing restrictions. Airplay, Roku, PS4 and PS5 are not supported in this package. Crave Basic with Ads will automatically stop after promotional period. Crave is a trademark of Bell Media Inc. and used under license. Sent texts include texts sent to a U.S. or International phone number while in Canada and excludes texts sent to a landline, roaming, alerts, premium texts (short codes), and texts sent with an instant messaging application. Received texts include texts received while in Canada from a U.S. or International phone number and service-related texts from Bell and exclude roaming and premium texts (short codes), alerts or dial-up texts. Overage rates may apply. Certain International destinations not available. See bell.ca/internationaltext for details. Using the data from your plan, your phone becomes a Wi-Fi connection for other devices, like tablets and laptops. Hotspot capabilities must be turned on in your device settings to be used. Requires a mobile phone or smartphone that is capable of receiving text messages. To use Voicemail to Text, you must be subscribed to Message Centre. With a new activation or upgrade. Must be 18 years or older and legal owner of the phone traded in. Max. 1 phone per trade-in. The minimum trade-in value of the device must be $25. Rebate applies at the time of purchase on the price of the device and/or accessories in store after taxes. Amount depends on the trade-in value of the device based on the device condition; not all devices are eligible. See bell.ca/tradein for details. 5G+ performance and speed claims are based on a third-party score (Global Wireless Solutions OneScore™) calculated using wireless network testing in Canada comparing Bell against other competitive national wireless networks while actively using 3500MHz spectrum. Bell.ca/5G Based on total square km of coverage on the shared 5G+ network available from Bell vs. Rogers’ 5G+ network (3500 MHz 5G). See Bell.ca/5G for details. Exclusive for Bell Internet customers Bring your own phone and get 120 GB for $45.00/mo. 45 dollars per month. Get this offer now Includes Autopay credit. Additional details Close modal Back to main content Popular pages Cell Phones and Smartphones Network Coverage Prepaid Phones and Plans Trade-in program iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch Transfer Your Cell Phone Number to Bell About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.