Long distance & International long distance plans | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Home phone Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Home phone Packages Long distance Features change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Long distance & International long distance plans Long distance With a bundle Basic rates Calling cards Province Wide Unlimited Enjoy unlimited long distance calling 24/7 within Ontario for one low monthly price. View details $6.95/mo.per month in a TV, Internet, and Home phone bundle. Otherwise, $13.90/mo.per month Order now Province Wide Unlimited Talk a lot without spending too much. For a fixed monthly rate, you can call those close to you anywhere in the province without having to keep track of your minutes. Get unlimited minutes of long distance calling within the province 24 hours a day, 7 days a week 1. Includes calls made using your calling card or Family Contact Card (within the province). For only $2.00 more per month, get extra-low rates on overseas calls when you combine it with the International Plus option. Worldwide international rates " opens in new page $6.95/mo. 1Footnote 1 Available to customers who continuously subscribe to three eligible services. Customers subscribing to Home phone only: Regular monthly Rate : $13.90. Order now Offer details Province Wide Unlimited Offer details Details Province Wide Unlimited $13.90/mo. Monthly credit -$6.95/mo. Available to residential customers where access and technology permit. Not available where CRTC-regulated. Applies to direct-dialled outbound calls originating and terminating within your province, excluding toll-free calls. Calls to certain conference or adult services or to high-cost areas may be restricted, and subject to other use restrictions in Terms of Service. Subject to change without notice, not combinable with any other offers. Taxes extra. Others conditions apply. For certain offers, customer must select e-bill and create MyBell profile, see Bell.ca/paperbill. Available to customers who continuously subscribe to three eligible services. Customers subscribing to Home phone only: Regular monthly Rate : $13.90. Unlimited Canada and U.S. Enjoy unlimited long distance calling 24/7 within Canada and the U.S. plus great overseas rates for one low monthly price. View details $10.00/mo.per month in a TV, Internet, and Home phone bundle. Otherwise, $34.95/mo.per month Order now Unlimited Canada and U.S. Enjoy unlimited long distance calling within Canada and the U.S., 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Keep in touch with family and friends from all over the world with the great overseas rates included with this plan. Call France, Italy, Hong Kong and many more countries for less than 10¢ per minute. Worldwide international rates opens in new page $10.00/mo. 1Footnote 1 Available to customers who continuously subscribe to three eligible services. Customers subscribing to Home phone only: Regular monthly rate: $34.95. Order now Offer details Unlimited Canada and U.S. Offer details Details Unlimited Canada and U.S. $10.00/mo. Canada and United States unlimited calling available to residential customers where access and technology permit. Applies to direct-dialed outbound calls to Canada and the U.S. (including Alaska and Hawaii, but excluding other U.S. territories), excluding toll-free calls. Calls to certain conference or adult services or to high-cost areas may be restricted, and subject to other use restrictions in Terms of Service; see bell.ca/legal.Subject to change without notice, not combinable with any other offers. Taxes extra. Others conditions apply. For certain offers, customer must select e-bill and create MyBell profile, see Bell.ca/paperbill. Available to customers who continuously subscribe to three eligible services. Customers subscribing to Home phone only: Regular monthly rate: $34.95. Canada-US 500 minutes Enjoy 500 minutes of long distance calling 24/7 within Canada and the U.S. plus great overseas rates for one low monthly price. View details $13.95/mo.per month Order now Canada-US 500 minutes Enjoy 500 minutes of long distance calling 24/7 within Canada and the U.S. plus great overseas rates for one low monthly price. $13.95/mo. 1Footnote 1 Available to customers who continuously subscribe to Bell Home phone. Order now Offer details Canada-US 500 minutes Offer details Details Canada-US 500 minutes $13.95/mo. Canada-US 500 minutes package is available to residential customers where access and technology permit. Applies to direct-dialed outbound calls to Canada and the U.S. (including Alaska and Hawaii, but excluding other U.S. territories), excluding toll-free calls. Calls to certain conference or adult services or to high-cost areas may be restricted, and subject to other use restrictions in Terms of Service; see bell.ca/legal. Subject to change without notice, not combinable with any other offers. Taxes extra. Others conditions apply. For certain offers, customer must select e-bill and create MyBell profile. Available to customers who continuously subscribe to Bell Home phone. Worldwide Unlimited Enjoy unlimited long distance calling to over 70 countries around the world. View details $36.90/mo.per month Order now Worldwide Unlimited Enjoy unlimited long distance calling to over 70 countries around the world. Worldwide international rates opens in new page $36.90/mo. 1Footnote 1 Available to customers who continuously subscribe to Bell Home phone. Order now Offer details Worldwide Unlimited Offer details Details Worldwide Unlimited $36.90/mo. Worldwide Unlimited package is available to residential customers where access and technology permit. Applies to direct-dialed outbound calls to over 70 countries, excluding toll-free calls. Calls to certain conference or adult services or to high-cost areas may be restricted, and subject to other use restrictions in Terms of Service; see bell.ca/legal. Subject to change without notice, not combinable with any other offers. Taxes extra. Others conditions apply. For certain offers, customer must select e-bill and create MyBell profile. Available to customers who continuously subscribe to Bell Home phone. International Plus Enjoy this great overseas option that complements your existing long distance plan. Stay in touch with friends and family all over the world at low rates, any time. View details $3.00/mo.per month Order now International Plus Get extra-low rates on calls all over the world, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. It's a great way to call your friends and family anytime. Combine with one of the following long distance plans and save even more: Canada-US 500 minutes Unlimited Provincial Worldwide international rates opens in new page $3.00/mo. Footnote 1 Order now Offer details International Plus Offer details Details International Plus $3.00/mo. Available to residential customers where technology permits. Not available where CRTC-regulated. Subject to change without notice. Taxes extra. 30-day notification required to cancel service. Other conditions apply. Are you a new or existing customer? I’m new to Bell Home phone Choose a package I’m a Bell Home phone customer Log in to MyBell More ways to shop Chat Live Call us at 1 866 845-2998 Book an appointment Find a store Appointment options At a store Meet with a representative to learn more about our latest products, services and offerings. Book an appointment Have us call you now Skip the waiting time and get the next available representative to call you now. Have us call you now Over the phone Have a Bell representative call you at the time of your choosing. Request a call back Additional details Close modal Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.