Mobile Apps for the Campus Community | University of Windsor Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR MENU FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR University of Windsor Mobile Apps for the Campus Community Mobile Apps for the Campus Community Mobile technology can help you make the most of your University of Windsor experience — from orientation to alumni engagement. To help you navigate campus life, the University has developed and maintains several applications or apps for your smartphone or mobile device. Safe Lancer SAFE LANCER is an essential tool to enhance your safety at the University of Windsor. The app will alert you to any emergency situations and provides instant access to campus security resources. SAFE LANCER is the official mobile safety app of the University of Windsor. Download today and ensure that you’re prepared in the event of an emergency. SAFE LANCER for Android (Google Play Store) SAFE LANCER for Apple (Apple App Store) CampusGo - Wayfinding App Download the all-new FREE app that makes navigating campus quick and easy, CampusGo! CampusGo is also available through your mobile device and or desktop browser. Accurate, convenient indoor and outdoor wayfinding of the UWindsor campus is at your fingertips. Search the campus directory, building and room list and go! Getting where you're going works just like GPS navigation with turn-by-turn directions directly to your destination. UWindsor CampusGo for Android (Google Play Store) UWindsor CampusGo for Apple (Apple App Store) UWindsor CampusGo for Desktop Browser Lancer Athletics & Recreation Receive the latest information on the St. Denis Centre, how to book an appointment to work out, virtual fitness and intramural schedules, varsity sport updates, and much more. Enable notifications to receive updates directly to your screen! A great way to stay connected to Lancer athletics and recreation. Many resources are available to help keep you fit and healthy. Lancer Athletics & Rec app for Android (Google Play Store) Lancer Athletics & Rec app for Apple (Apple App Store) In addition, third-party apps connect with specific on-campus services. These apps were not developed, and are not maintained, by the University. The University of Windsor assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever in connection with any third party software applications, access to those applications or any mishandling or misuse of your data therefrom. U of Windsor Experience Explore the University of Windsor! Thinking of attending the University of Windsor? Prospective students and families can navigate the campus and learn about our unique programs and culture through self-guided tours. At home or on campus, our interactive student guide will accompany you as you explore our offerings through the use of the GPS-enabled campus map, student videos and photos. U of Windsor Experience for Android (Google Play Store) Search for U of Windsor Experience in the iTunes App Store Everyday App The Everyday App will make the campus dining experience even more enjoyable. The application offers a range of features: • Patrons can now place orders ahead of time via the app and pick up their food later, avoiding busy line-ups. • Every time users place order through Everyday, they will earn Rewards Program points that can be redeemed in their next purchases. Learn more and download the Everyday App via Sodexo. GET Mobile: Your Digital UwinCARD GET Mobile is an online and mobile app affiliated with the University of Windsor for your convenience in managing your UwinCARD. It allows you to view meal plan balances and transaction history, add and manage funds, order food on campus (via the Everyday App) and authorize you to mark your card as lost. GET Mobile for Apple (App Store) GET Mobile for Android (Google Play Store) Brightspace Pulse Brightspace offers Brightspace Pulse mobile solution that allows students to receive course notifications on the go. The app is not recommended for course activities such as quizzes and assignments as it has alot of limitations. Brightspace Pulse Google Play Store Brightspace Pulse Apple App Store Key2Access The Key2Access mobile application helps users understand the world around them by giving cities and private organizations a platform to share location-specific information. From opening doors to getting information about what's around you, Key2Access has the solution to make any space more accessible, indoors or outdoors. The Key2access App is completely free for the user because equal access is not a privilege, it's a right. To download the app or learn more, visit www.key2access.com Honk Mobile Honk Mobile allows users to find and pay for parking in campus lots through their smartphones or tablet computers. The free app lets drivers bypass the meters in pay-and-display lots, including the Askin, Assumption, Clark, Human Kinetics, Stadium and Union lots. You will receive an alert 15 minutes prior to the expiration of your parking session, giving you the opportunity to pay for additional time remotely. The app also stores and manages parking receipts. To download the app or learn more, visit www.honkmobile.com share post save share post save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency and Crisis Services Follow us on X (Twitter) Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram