Accessibility – Services, Products & Solutions - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Accessibility If you have accessibility needs, we provide a number of different services that can help. Products, services and solutions Hearing & Speech Solutions Vision Solutions Physical Solutions Plans and offers for people with accessibility needs Customers with disabilities are eligible for exclusive offers. Apply now Contact Us The Rogers Accessibility Services Group is dedicated to addressing our customers’ individual accessibility needs. Contact us by any of these methods: *If you are a Rogers Together With Shaw customer, visit our website for support with our services. Aid Hotline 1 877 508-1760 Or call from your Rogers device *AID (243) Mon-Sun: 9 a.m. - 7 p.m. Closed on (New Years day/ Good Friday / Victoria day / Canada day / Labour day/ Thanksgiving Day/ Christmas day) Social Media Facebook Available 24/7 Social Media X Available 24/7 TTY Message Relay Service 7-1-1 Ask the TTY operator to connect the call to the Aid hotline at 1 877 508-1760 Mon-Sun: 9 a.m. - 7 p.m. Closed on (New Years day/ Good Friday / Victoria day / Canada day / Labour day/ Thanksgiving Day/ Christmas day) Commitment to accessibility To learn about the accessibility features of our products and services, you can contact our accessibility services group via the aid hotline. If you’re looking for information about your account, billing or technical support, you can also visit the contact us page. We’re committed to doing better for people with accessibility needs. You can learn more about our commitment to accessibility in the Rogers Three-Year Accessibility Plan and the 2023 Progress Report. Accessibility feedback and process We welcome your feedback and would love to hear from you! You can provide feedback by online form, email, phone or mail. You can give feedback anonymously if you don’t want to be contacted. Let us know what you think about: Any accessibility barriers you’ve found with Rogers or our brands, Our Accessibility Plan, or Our Progress Reports. You can download a description of the feedback process in 12-point font. Description of feedback process PDF Online Form Accessibility feedback form Share your feedback with us using the accessibility feedback form. Phone Accessibility feedback line: 1 866 247-0000 Mon-Sun: 9 a.m. - 7 p.m. Closed on (New Years day/ Good Friday / Victoria day / Canada day / Labour day/ Thanksgiving Day/ Christmas day) Email accessibilityfeedback @rci.rogers.com Include “Accessibility Feedback” in the subject line. Mail Manager for Accessibility Rogers Communications, Accessibility Feedback 333 Bloor St. E, Toronto, ON M4W 1G9 The Manager for Accessibility is responsible for addressing accessibility feedback. You can provide feedback by online form, email, phone or mail. We will acknowledge accessibility feedback received, other than feedback provided anonymously. If contact information is shared, we may follow up with you. Personal information you provide will remain confidential and will be managed following privacy laws. This information will only be shared per these laws or with your consent. Alternate format requests If you need one of the following documents in a different format: A description of the feedback process, The Rogers Three-Year Accessibility Plan, or The 2023 Progress Report for the Rogers Accessibility Plan, please contact us by phone, email or mail using the feedback methods on this page. We can provide documents in print, large print, braille, audio, electronic and other agreed-upon formats.