Help & Support - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Learn how the Canada Post labour disruption impacts how you interact with us. Learn more Welcome to Support Search or pick a topic Input Label Billing & AccountsBills, payment & account management MobilePhones tablets & plans InternetInstallation, troubleshooting & packages TV & StreamingRogers Xfinity TV & Digital TV Home SecurityCameras, thermostats, sensors & more Home PhoneSetup & troubleshooting Welcome to Rogers New to Rogers? Here's everything you need to get started. Get Started Trending Topics Get the new iPhone 16 Learn more about the new iPhone 16 series and place your order here! Learn more Track your order Chat with Anna, our virtual assistant to track your order status and shipping details in real-time! Learn more Device Guides View interactive Device Guides from mobile devices to Ignite equipment to apps and more. Learn more Set up auto-payments Eligible mobile plans now include an Automatic Payments Discount up to $10/month. Set up now Leave a blank space on your calendar this fall Rogers customers can win 1 of 35 pairs of tickets for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour per week. Check out how today! Learn more Optimize your WiFi Try these easy and effective ways to improve your WiFi. Learn more Find, change or share your Ignite WiFi password and network name These steps will help if you want or need to set a different Wi-Fi password or Network Name or connect a new device to your home network. View article How to reschedule or cancel an Rogers Service Appointment Follow these easy steps to reschedule or cancel your Rogers Service Appointment online or through MyRogers, so you can manage your appointment on your own time. Learn more How to reschedule your installation appointment Check your appointment details and reschedule your installation appointment online with these steps. Learn more How you can self-serve online You can easily manage your account and services online using MyRogers! Learn more Returning a device Learn how to return a Wireless phone or accessory Learn more Self-install Ignite TV Learn more about our safe, no-contact home delivery and easy installation for your Ignite TV and Internet services. Learn more Community Forums Join the community and discover solutions, share tips, or get advice from other members. Community Forum Resolve your concern Get the support you need to resolve any ongoing concerns and escalate your issue to our management team. Escalate your concern Accessibility We're committed to ensuring our products and services are accessible. Learn more Need more help? We’re here for you with more options to provide feedback about any issues and concerns you’re experiencing. View more options undefined