Stream apps in one place - Rogers Xfinity Streaming - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Rogers Xfinity Streaming Access top streaming apps and free content, all in one place. Shop now Easily find and watch the content you love Super simple streaming Watch what you love faster with voice search and pre-loaded apps All in one place All your favourite apps, shows and movies together in one convenient place Personal profiles Create personal profiles to resume shows and movies right from the home screen Stream your apps on the big screen Search all your streaming services using voice commands. ROGERS XFINITY STREAMING Free TV shows and movies! Browse a wide range of content from Xumo Play channels, Tubi, FilmRise, Fawesome TV and more. Shop now Get your game on with Sportsnet+ Stream the NHL, MLB, NBA and enjoy nonstop sports coverage with Sportsnet+ in the Sportsnet app. Just sign in or subscribe from your Rogers Xfinity Stream Box. Rogers Xfinity Streaming on us Stream your favourites on us for 24 months with Starter 100 Internet or higher. Shop internet Get more with Rogers Xfinity TV Discover endless entertainment. Disney+ Standard with Ads is now included with select TV bundles. Shop TV bundles See Full Details Offer available to eligible customers in Ontario, New Brunswick and Newfoundland and Labrador where access/technology permits. Subject to change without notice. Where applicable, Rogers Xfinity Streaming on us offers auto-renews at $5/month (subject to increase) in month 25. HDMI compatible TV required. Limit of 10 Rogers Xfinity Stream Boxes per account. Separate subscriptions are required to access certain streaming services. Registration for online billing required. Taxes extra. For term offers, a monthly credit will be applied against the thereafter price for 24 months. Rate increases to the thereafter price may occur during the term but will only take effect as of month 25. Early cancellation fee applies. For month to month offers, credit(s) will be applied against the current price for the duration of the promotional period(s). Functions and capabilities of the Rogers Xfinity Stream app such as video recording, channel lineups, downloads, fast forwarding etc. are subject to customer subscription and are not currently available with Rogers Xfinity Streaming.