Plans and cellphones for Newcomers - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Plans for newcomers Start your new journey in Canada with mobile plans that meet your needs. Choose the plan that meets your needs Great for international students 5G Mobile Student Plan $ 49 .00 /mo± After Automatic Payments Discount11 when you bring your own device.6 Features Access to 5G/5G+ network 100GB of non-shareable data at speeds up to 250 Mbps, data at reduced speeds thereafter* Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Available to students in Canada only. Must provide a valid Student email. Offer available for new activations. Full plan details Find a store 5G Infinite Essential $ 60 .00 /mo± After Automatic Payments Discount6 when you bring your own device Features Access to 5G/5G+ network 75GB at speeds up to 1 Gbps. Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter* Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Unlimited international messaging from Canada4 1000 International Long Distance minutes to select countries13 Available to customers new in Canada. Must provide a Permanent Resident card, work permit, student permit or a valid passport from another country. Offer available for new activations. Full plan details Find a store 5G Infinite Extra $ 75 .00 /mo± After Automatic Payments Discount11 when you bring your own device Features Access to 5G/5G+ network 150 GB at speeds up to 1 Gbps. Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter* Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Unlimited international texting4 Unlimited international messaging from Canada4 1000 International Long Distance minutes to select countries13 Available to customers new in Canada. Must provide a Permanent Resident card, work permit, student permit or a valid passport from another country. Offer available for new activations. Full plan details Find a store Offers available to newcomers Plans for the whole family, from $39/month Affordable 5G plans with 50GB of data when you bring your own device (after Automatic Payments Discount1). Available for additional lines only. Buy online View all plans Terms and conditions * Offer available for a limited time only, or while supplies last, an d subject to change without notice. A Setup Service Fee of $70 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through and Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $70 Setup Service Fee will apply. Taxes extra. A $10/month discount is available on eligible in-market consumer Rogers Infinite plans and 5G mobile plans to customers who set up Automatic Payments on their account (not retroactive). You must keep Automatic Payments active with an eligible plan to maintain this discount. Discount will end if you move to an ineligible plan or cancel Automatic Payments. Show details International students, this credit card is for you. Newcomers studying at an eligible Canadian college or university are now eligible for the Rogers Red Mastercard! Build credit and earn up to 3% cash back when you redeem with Rogers (exclusive to Rogers customers). Apply today to get started! Terms and conditions apply. Visit a Rogers store for more details. Find a store Find a store that speaks your language Select one of the options for stores that offer support in Chinese or South Asian languages. For other languages, contact your closest Rogers store to learn if they can assist. South Asian Chinese More from Rogers Rogers for newcomers Find out why Rogers is the right choice for newcomers Learn more Plans for home customers Enjoy savings on mobile plans when you pair it with a home service. Learn more See full details A Setup Service Fee of $70 applies to setup your device and related services.  The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through Live Chat and Customer Service).  If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $70 Setup Service Fee will apply.  Taxes extra. * Rogers Infinite data plans include high-speed data up to the speeds (if applicable) and allotment indicated in your plan on the Rogers network, extended coverage areas within Canada, and Roam Like Home destinations (see rogers.com/roamlikehome). Once you have reached the high-speed data allotment of your plan, you will continue to have access to data services with no overage beyond the high-speed data allotment at a reduced speed of up to 512 kilobits per second (for both upload and download) until the end of your current billing cycle. Applications such as email, web browsing, apps, and audio/video streaming will continue to function at a reduced speed which will likely impact your experience. We will send you a text message notifying you when you have used 90% and 100% of the high-speed data allotment included in your plan with the option to purchase a Speed Pass to add more high-speed data to your plan. 5G/5G+network access requires a compatible device and a 5G SIM card in a covered area (see rogers.com/coverage). In all cases, usage is subject to the Rogers Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy. ** Rogers 5G Mobile and 4G Mobile plans with no data overage include high-speed data up to the amount included in your plan on the Rogers network, extended coverage areas within Canada, and Roam Like Home destinations (see rogers.com/roamlikehome). Once you have reached the high-speed data allotment of your plan, you will continue to have access to data services with no overage at a reduced speed of up to 256 kilobits per second (for both upload and download) until the end of your current billing cycle. Even applications that do not require high bandwidth (such as basic messaging and location-based services) may be affected by this speed reduction. Applications that will likely be significantly affected by this speed reduction are those that demand higher bandwidths (for example browsing and video streaming). We will send you a text message when you are close to reaching your monthly high-speed data allotment at no additional charge, with the option to purchase a Speed Pass to add more high-speed data to your plan. 5G/5G+network access requires a compatible device and a 5G SIM card in a covered area (see rogers.com/coverage). Plan requires registration for online billing. In all cases, usage is subject to the Rogers Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy, and Network Management Policy. ± Where applicable, additional airtime, data, long distance, roaming, add-ons, provincial 9-1-1 fees (if applicable) and taxes are extra and billed monthly. However, there is no airtime charge for calls made to 9-1-1 from your Rogers mobile device. Plan includes calls and messages from Canada to [local/Canadian] numbers only. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area, excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video Calling or similar services. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video calling or similar services. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada to a Canadian mobile number and received texts from anywhere. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates. On the Rogers Network, in an Extended Coverage area or in the U.S., excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video Calling or similar services. Plan includes calls from Canada and the U.S to Canadian and U.S. numbers only (calls from Canada to Puerto Rico, Mexico and the U.S Virgin Islands are not included). Includes messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to email addresses or Canadian, U.S. and international mobile numbers. Sent/received premium messages and messages sent while roaming outside the U.S. extra. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to Canadian or U.S mobile numbers and received texts from anywhere. Includes messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to email addresses. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates.U.S. numbers only (calls from Canada to Puerto Rico, Mexico and the U.S Virgin Islands are not included). Includes messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to email addresses or Canadian, U.S. and international mobile numbers. Sent/received premium messages and messages sent while roaming outside the U.S. extra. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to Canadian or U.S mobile numbers and received texts from anywhere. Includes messages sent from Canada or the U.S. to email addresses. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates. Plan includes unlimited text and picture/video messages sent from Canada to international numbers. Enhanced Voicemail is a service that allows you to receive up to 35 messages each up to 5 minutes in length and you can save each one for up to 10 days. Compatible device required. Call display allows you to see the number of an incoming caller even if they are not in your address book. Name Display allows you to see a caller’s name and number before answering the phone. Not all names and numbers can be identified. Connection to the Rogers network required for Name Display. 2500 Call forwarding minutes. Additional Call Forwarding minutes 10¢/minute (rounded to the next full minute). Excluding prepaid accounts, most enterprise plans as well as monthly plans that include roaming services. Taxes extra. Roam Like Home daily fee is a Pay-Per-Use rate and subject to change without notice. Fee charged per line in addition to plan monthly fee and applies per calendar day from first use in eligible destination until 11:59:59 p.m. based on Eastern Time (ET) regardless of which time zone you are roaming in. Roaming charges apply when outside the eligible destination. Data: Usage exceeding plan allotment charged in increments rounded up to next MB or GB (as per plan). Texts: Includes texts sent to local mobile number while in eligible destination or to Canadian mobile number. Sent/received premium texts and sent international texts to destinations other than eligible destinations charged at applicable rates. Calls: While in eligible destination, includes unlimited calls to local numbers or Canadian numbers. International long distance rates apply to calls to other destinations. See rogers.com/terms for full terms and conditions and list of eligible destinations. Purchase a tablet or smartwatch on financing and add the tablet or smartwatch to an eligible Rogers Infinite plan, and a monthly credit of $15 for the tablet or watch plan will be applied on your bill and will be applicable for 24 months. Full tablet plan and watch plan fees apply thereafter (currently $15/month, subject to applicable rate increases). This offer is available to customers activating a new line, completing a Price Plan Change or performing a hardware upgrade on non-discounted, consumer, in-market, Infinite Extra plan or above. $100 credit can be used towards down payment and/or accessories. Offer available for new activations and hardware upgrades. To be eligible, customers must trade in any device and trade up to/activate on a new activation, additional line or hardware upgrade. Available to customers new to Canada. Must provide a Permanent Resident card, work permit, student permit or a valid passport from another country. A $10/month discount is available on eligible in-market consumer Rogers Infinite plans to customers who set up Automatic Payments on their account (not retroactive). You must keep Automatic Payments active with an eligible plan to maintain this discount. Discount will end if you move to an ineligible plan or cancel Automatic Payments. Roam Like Home is provided by Rogers Communications Canada Inc. (“Rogers”) and available to most Rogers customers with an eligible postpaid mobile plan (most enterprise plans, monthly plans that include roaming services as well as prepaid accounts are excluded). You will automatically be credited up to 5 Roam Like Home days per year on your Rogers bill once you link your Rogers Connections Mastercard account to your Rogers postpaid account and eligible mobile plan. Both accounts must be in good standing. Unused Roam Like Home days at no cost do not carry over to the following year. See rogers.com/terms for full Roam Like Home terms and conditions. 1000 long distance minutes available for the following countries: : India, China + Hong Kong (excluding Macau and Taiwan), the United Kingdom, Mexico, and Bangladesh Plans include Rogers Infinite Essential plan or Rogers Infinite Premium plan $300 credit can be used towards down payment and/or accessories. Offer available for new activations and hardware upgrades. To be eligible, customers must trade in any device and trade up to/activate any of the android devices on a new activation, additional line or hardware upgrade: Samsung A54, S23FE, Pixel 7a, Pixel 8, Moto G Stylus, Samsung S23, Samsung S24, Moto Edge, Moto Razr, Samsung S24+, Samsung S24 Ultra, Flip 5, Fold 5, Pixel 8 Pro, Moto Razr+. Available to customers new to Canada. Must provide a Permanent Resident card, work permit, student permit or a valid passport from another country. For additional lines - The monthly service fee discount of $15 applies to new and existing customers adding a 2nd line or more additional lines to their Rogers Infinite Premium plan. Excludes stick, hotspot, rocket hub, Talk & Text and Wireless Home Phone additional lines. May not be combined with any other monthly service fee discount offer unless specifically stated. Credit of $15/month for the 2nd line or more additional lines will appear on customer’s bill following activation and will be applied for as long as customer maintains eligibility. $15/month discount applied as a bill credit. Plan change will cancel the discount.