Change Your Wireless Voicemail Password - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Support / Mobile / Voicemail / Change or reset your wireless voicemail password Email this page Change or reset your wireless voicemail password Table of Contents Play video for Change Your Wireless Voicemail Password Using the MyRogers App You have 3 options for changing the password for your wireless voicemail service: Here’s how to reset your password using your wireless device: Here’s how you can reset your password from your desktop using Rogers.com Here’s how you can reset your password using the MyRogers app: Related Links Play video for Change Your Wireless Voicemail Password Using the MyRogers App Back to Top You have 3 options for changing the password for your wireless voicemail service: Directly from your wireless device From desktop computer using Rogers.com Through the MyRogers app Back to Top Here’s how to reset your password using your wireless device: Access your voicemail by holding down the number 1 on your keypad. Enter your current voicemail password. Once you are at the main menu, press 4 to change your personal options. Press 2 to change administrative options. Press 1 to establish or change your password. Press 1 to change your password. Enter your new 4 or 5-digit password and press the # key. Back to Top Here’s how you can reset your password from your desktop using Rogers.com Sign in to your MyRogers Go to the phone number associated with your device Select Change my Voicemail password. Enter and confirm your new password. Select Submit. Your voicemail password is now changed. Back to Top Here’s how you can reset your password using the MyRogers app: Sign into the app. If you don’t have the app, download it from your device’s app store, then sign in. Tap on your wireless plan or the phone number associated with your device. Under Phone, tap Update Voicemail Password. Enter your new password. Tap Change Password. Having trouble updating your wireless voicemail password? Contact us. Looking for voicemail information for your Home Phone number? See our Home Phone voicemail support page. Back to Top Related Links How to Set up Voicemail on Your Phone > How to Check Your Voicemail Messages > How to Change Your Voicemail Greeting > Setup wireless Visual Voicemail for iPhone > Back to Top