International Students - Canadian Education, Global Perspective - UWindsor The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. Learn More. Future Students Home Close 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate & Diploma Programs Continuing Education Transfer Students International Students Indigenous Students Tuition / Fee Estimator Student Support Services Residence & Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Experiential Learning & Co-op New - High School Students Resource Centre 2. Connect Events, Webinars & Chat Request Program Information Request Materials Meet our Recruitment Team Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Meet our Student Ambassadors 3. Visit In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour Student Experience 4. Apply Undergraduate International Graduate Education Law Continuing Education English Pathway Program Transfer Student Mature Student Part-time Student 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map In-Person Campus Tour Helpful Links Important Dates Live Chat Ask.UWindsor In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour For Educators Back to Top Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students International Students World-Class Education, Made in Windsor. Programs Apply Now Stay Connected to UWindsor Select your region Learn about the connections between UWinsor and the regions our students call home. Region South Asia West Africa China Korea East Africa Europe and Central Asia Southeastern Asia Latin America Why the university of Windsor? Safe, welcoming and diverse community – Windsor is the fourth most diverse city in Canada On and off campus job opportunities, with dedicated career officers to help students prepare Affordable living costs and tuition costs Smaller classes with the ability to connect to faculty and staff English language improvement programs available National leaders in providing research opportunities for undergraduate students Over 200 programs, including ones in Engineering, Science, Computer Science and Business Explore our Programs Talk to a Student Recruiter Stay Connected to UWindsor Explore UWindsor's Campus Virtual Campus Tour: Explore UWindsor right from your home Experiential Learning through co-op, internships and volunteering Great pathways for immigration to Canada Universitas21 ranks Canada seventh overall for higher education system When you choose a University, you're also choosing a home Why a Canadian Education? Oh, Canada! Canada is a beautiful country that year after year is named the best country in the world for quality of life. Warm Climate Windsor is Canada's southernmost city, located on the same latitude as Rome and Northern California. Comfort & Safety Diverse, safe and inclusive communities with affordable living costs and tuition. Meet the International Student Recruitment team We're here to help you along the way on your journey to becoming a UWindsor Lancer! Neharika Kataria Student Recruitment Advisor (South Asia & India (Grad only)) neharika.kataria@uwindsor.ca Start a one-on-one chat Pranav Pande Student Recruitment Advisor (India - Undergraduate Programs) pranavp@uwindsor.ca Start a one-on-one chat Nipun Grover Student Recruitment Advisor (India - Undergraduate Programs) nipung@uwindsor.ca Start a one-on-one chat Linda Kwamboka Mokua Student Recruitment Advisor (East Africa) lindakm@uwindsor.ca Start a one-on-one chat Yetunde Pereira Student Recruitment Advisor (West Africa) ypereira@uwindsor.ca Start a one-on-one chat Yunfang Bai (Margaret) Student Recruitment Advisor (Eastern Asia - China) yunfang.bai@uwindsor.ca Start a one-on-one chat Uyen Tran Student Recruitment Advisor (Southeastern Asia) uyentran@uwindsor.ca Start a one-on-one chat Estefania Hernandez Velazquez Student Recruitment Advisor (Latin America) estefania.hernandezv@uwindsor.ca Start a one-on-one chat Igar Volpi Garcia Student Recruitment Advisor (Brazil) igarmurilo.volpigarcia@uwindsor.ca Start a one-on-one chat Nema Reshamvala Student Recruitment Advisor (Middle East) nema.reshamvala@uwindsor.ca Start a one-on-one chat Mohab Hesham Student Recruitment Advisor (Middle East & South Africa) mhesham@uwindsor.ca Deena Wang Manager, International Recruitment and Partnership deenaw@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Contact an Authorized Educational Agent Our educational agents are available to help to apply to your program of interest at UWindsor and are trained in our processes and procedures. They can also help you through the process of getting a permit to study in Canada. Open a full listing of our agents and the countries they represent Connect with UWindsor on Social Talk to a Student Recruiter Talk to a Student Ambassador Student Spotlight See what other international students say about life at the University of Windsor. The International Students Centre (ISC) helped ease the transition when coming to the University of Windsor. The ISC often hosts events for international students to get acquainted, share their experiences and learn about Canadian culture. Staying in residence was also helpful with the transition to Canada. I was able to connect with other students and get familiar with the campus. I even worked for residence services. This enhanced my communication skills and allowed me to gain some valuable work experience. Chelsea Okonji Lagos, Nigeria I have taken advantage of the services available at the Student Success Centre by booking monthly appointments with my Academic Advisors. These appointments allowed me to speak about my schedule, courses, and time management strategy. Having someone to follow up with my progress was helpful because I improved my skills through the resources provided. This is one of the many UWindsor services that helped me enhance in my academic experience. Zeenat Hirani Kinshasa, Congo My University of Windsor experience has been exceptional. The teaching is incredible with amazing engineering facilities and superior support from faculty members. Whether for a final year project or a simple question in the class, a faculty member will always be there to help. The University of Windsor campus is so vibrant that I never feel like I'm far away from home. Aditya Vyas Vadodara, India I believe that the University of Windsor prepared me for entering the workforce and I credit the renowned co-op program for giving me the skills and experience to succeed in a post-graduate world. My advice to incoming international students is to make meaningful connections (both personal and professional) whether it be through co-op or joining clubs on campus, and take advantage of all the resources the University has to offer as they will set you up for success in the future. Jai Priyadarshi Delhi, India I came to the University of Windsor to obtain my Master of Engineering degree. I gained the necessary industry skills and knowledge from the courses that helped me excel in my current field of work. The resources that helped me succeed in my university career are the International Student Centre (ISC) and Career Development Services (CDEL), as they assisted with work permits, Visa's and strengthening my resume and cover letter. My advice to incoming international students is to gain as much work experience in Canada as possible and to utilize UWindsor's on-campus resources to succeed. Zachary Zhang Beijing, China When I was deciding where to study in Canada it was clear that studying at the University of Windsor would be one of the best decisions I would ever make. I learned so much and grew in many ways and I look forward to giving back to my community. I participated in the Ignite Work Study program where I worked at the International Student Centre. This gave me insight into a lot of resources available at the University. I also used the career advising resources at the Odette School of Business, where I was given the tools to succeed in the Canadian workplace. My advice is to ensure your resume and cover letter are well written and meet the Canadian standard and gain Canadian work-related experience by volunteering in any capacity. Precious Chinenye Akpunonu Nigeria Previous Next We're here to help! Windsor is committed to assisting you through your academic journey. Our support and services start once you apply. Learn more about the ways we offer assistance to international students below. UWindsor International Tuition Guarantee The University of Windsor’s Tuition Guarantee allows ALL international students (excluding those covered by the US Neighbour rate) to be assured of their tuition by seeing stability in base tuition for their program duration. Learn More English Language Improvement Program International students who do not meet the English language proficiency requirement may be accepted into their program on the condition they complete the English Language Improvement Program (ELIP) before starting their degree. Learn More about ELIP International Student Centre The ISC provides a variety of quality services and programs to support almost 4,000 UWindsor international students, scholars, and their family members from over 92 different countries. Tell me more about ISC Land Acknowledgment The University of Windsor sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, which includes the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. We respect the longstanding relationships with First Nations people in this place in the 100-mile Windsor-Essex peninsula and the straits – les détroits – of Detroit. Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor Mobile Apps Terms & Conditions Contest Rules Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Close