Home Internet | High-Speed Fibre Internet | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Internet Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Internet Why Bell Plans Wi-Fi Bell Tech Expert Promotions change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon High-speed pure fibre Internet Home Internet Internet View all plans Edit Check if fibre to the home is available at your address. When autocomplete results are available, use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. View all plans Check if fibre to the home is available at your address. Check availability Do you need more time to make a selection? To prevent a timeout, please continue your session. Time left: 00:00 For your security, your session will expire shortly due to inactivity. Time left: 10 minutes Continue Session timeout Due to inactivity, your session has timed out. Start over Check availability of Bell Fibe TV Loading data. Please wait... Your browser does not support the video tag. Featured Internet plans Internet services vary by location. Make sure you enter your address to see services available to you. Learn more about our Internet technologies. Existing customers? Manage your services. PURE FIBRE Fibe 50 Reliable Internet for everyday use 50 Mbps Download speed †Maximum download speed to your hub 50 Mbps Upload speed †Maximum upload speed to your hub Right now, pay just $60.00/mo. 60 dollars per month Current price $85.00 85.00 dollars per month Enjoy a credit of $25/mo.25 dollars per month* for 2 years. View details Check availability PURE FIBRE Fibe 150 Fast and reliable Internet for all your household needs 150 Mbps Download speed †Maximum download speed to your hub 150 Mbps Upload speed †Maximum upload speed to your hub Right now, pay just $80.00/mo. 80 dollars per month Current price $95.00 95.00 dollars per month Enjoy a credit of $15/mo.15 dollars per month* for 2 years. View details Check availability Popular bundle Bundle and Save Fibe 50 Internet and Fibe TV $95 .00/mo. per month View details Prices may increase during subscription. *Credit earned at end of full billing period. †Max download/upload speed to your hub. 100% pure fibre Giga Hub with Wi-Fi 6E Unlimited monthly usage $0 installation available1 View all plans Fibe 50 Close modal Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Offer and pricing Fibe 50 $85.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$25.00/mo. per month One time modem rental fee $199.95 One-time modem rental fee credit -$199.95 Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Price without credits is charged for any partial billing period. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe 150 Close modal Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Offer and pricing Fibe 150 $95.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$15.00/mo. per month One-time modem rental fee $199.95 One time modem rental credit -$199.95 Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Price without credits is charged for any partial billing period. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Close Package Detail Modal Order now To order Wireless Home Internet, call us at 1 866 210-7060. Close Order now To order Wireless Home Internet, call us at 1 866 857-2386. Close PURE FIBRE Gigabit Fibe 1.5 Stream, game and work from home seamlessly 1.5 Gbps2 FootnoteA wired connection and at least one additional wired or wireless connection are required to obtain total download speed. Download speed †Maximum download speed to your hub 940 Mbps2 FootnoteMaximum speeds can only be obtained on a wired connection. Upload speed †Maximum upload speed to your hub Right now, pay just $110.00/mo. 110 dollars per month Current price $130.00 130.00 dollars per month Enjoy a credit of $20/mo.20 dollars per month* for 2 years. View details Check availability PURE FIBRE Gigabit Fibe 3.0 Maximum speeds throughout your home 3 Gbps2 FootnoteDownload speed up to 3 Gbps. Upload speed up to 3 Gbps. A wired connection or a combination of wireless and wired connections is required to obtain maximum speed. Download speed †Maximum download speed to your hub 3 Gbps2 FootnoteDownload speed up to 3 Gbps. Upload speed up to 3 Gbps. A wired connection or a combination of wireless and wired connections is required to obtain maximum speed. Upload speed †Maximum upload speed to your hub Right now, pay just $120.00/mo. 120 dollars per month Current price $140.00 140.00 dollars per month Enjoy a credit of $20/mo.20 dollars per month* for 2 years. View details Check availability PURE FIBRE Gigabit Fibe Stream, game and work from home seamlessly 1 Gbps Download speed †Maximum download speed to your hub 750 Mbps Upload speed †Maximum upload speed to your hub Right now, pay just $115.00/mo. 115 dollars per month Current price $130.00 130.00 dollars per month Enjoy a credit of $15/mo.15 dollars per month* for 2 years. View details Check availability PURE FIBRE Fibe 500 Pure fibre Internet for all your household needs 500 MbpsMega bits per second Download speed †Maximum download speed to your hub 500 MbpsMega bits per second Upload speed †Maximum upload speed to your hub Right now, pay just $100.00/mo. 100 dollars per month Current price $125.00 125.00 dollars per month Enjoy a credit of $25/mo.25 dollars per month* for 2 years. View details Check availability PURE FIBRE Fibe 300 Stream, game and work from home seamlessly 300 MbpsMega bits per second Download speed †Maximum download speed to your hub 300 MbpsMega bits per second Upload speed †Maximum upload speed to your hub Right now, pay just $90.00/mo. 90 dollars per month Current price $100.00 100.00 dollars per month Enjoy a credit of $10/mo.10 dollars per month* for 2 years. View details Check availability PURE FIBRE Fibe 50 Reliable Internet for everyday use 50 Mbps Download speed †Maximum download speed to your hub 10 Mbps Upload speed †Maximum upload speed to your hub Right now, pay just $50.00/mo. 50 dollars per month Current price $75.00 75.00 dollars per month Enjoy a credit of $25/mo.25 dollars per month* for 2 years. View details Check availability PURE FIBRE Fibe 100 Fast and reliable Internet for all your household needs 100 MbpsMega bits per second Download speed †Maximum download speed to your hub 10 MbpsMega bits per second Upload speed †Maximum upload speed to your hub Right now, pay just $94.95/mo. 94 dollars and 95 cents per month Current price $94.95 94.95 dollars per month Enjoy a credit of $15/mo.15 dollars per month* for 2 years. View details Check availability PURE FIBRE Bell Internet Plus 5 Mbps Download speed †Maximum download speed to your hub 680 kbps Upload speed †Maximum upload speed to your hub Right now, pay just $49.95/mo. 49 dollars and 95 cents per month Current price $69.95 69.95 dollars per month Enjoy a credit of $20/mo.20 dollars per month* for 2 years. View details Check availability PURE FIBRE Bell Internet 5 Mbps Download speed †Maximum download speed to your hub 680 kbps Upload speed †Maximum upload speed to your hub Right now, pay just $69.95/mo. 69 dollars and 95 cents per month Current price $69.95 69.95 dollars per month View details Check availability PURE FIBRE Fibe 15 Reliable Internet for everyday use 15 Mbps Download speed †Maximum download speed to your hub 15 Mbps Upload speed †Maximum upload speed to your hub Right now, pay just $49.95/mo. 49 dollars and 95 cents per month Current price $49.95 49.95 dollars per month View details Check availability Gigabit Fibe 1.5 Close modal Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Offer and pricing Gigabit Fibe 1.5 $130.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$20.00/mo. per month One-time modem rental fee $199.95 One-time modem rental fee credit -$199.95 A wired connection and at least one additional wired or wireless connection are required to obtain total download speed. Maximum speeds can only be obtained on a wired connection. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Price without credits is charged for any partial billing period. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Gigabit Fibe 3.0 Close modal Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Offer and pricing Gigabit Fibe 3.0 $140.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$20.00/mo. per month One-time modem rental fee $199.95 One-time modem rental fee credit -$199.95 Download speed up to 3 Gbps Gigabits per second. Upload speed up to 3 Gbps Gigabits per second. A wired connection or a combination of wireless and wired connections is required to obtain maximum speed. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Price without credits is charged for any partial billing period. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Gigabit Fibe Close modal Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Bell email Offer and pricing Gigabit Fibe $130.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$15.00/mo. per month One-time modem rental fee $199.95 One time modem rental credit -$199.95 Available to new residential customers, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Modem rental included. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Prices may increase during subscription. Subject to change without notice. Not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. For certain offers, customers must opt to receive paperless billing. Credits apply to the first full 30-day billing period and for each full billing period after that, for the duration of the promotion. A billing period may not start on the day of subscription or installation of services. Price without credit will apply prior to the first full 30-day billing period or if services are terminated during a 30-day billing period. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. , A wired connection and at least one additional wired or wireless connection are required to obtain total download speed. Maximum speeds can only be obtained on a wired connection. Download speed up to 3 Gbps Gigabits per second. Upload speed up to 3 Gbps Gigabits per second. A wired connection or a combination of wireless and wired connections is required to obtain maximum speed. Maximum speeds can only be obtained on a wired connection. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Price without credits is charged for any partial billing period. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe 500 Close modal Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Offer and pricing Fibe 500 $125.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$25.00/mo. per month One-time modem rental fee $199.95 One time modem rental credit -$199.95 Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Price without credits is charged for any partial billing period. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe 300 Close modal Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Offer and pricing Fibe 300 $100.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$10.00/mo. per month One-time modem rental fee $199.95 One time modem rental credit -$199.95 Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Price without credits is charged for any partial billing period. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe 50 Close modal Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Speeds to your Home Hub Min Most get Max Download 46 Mbps 50 Mbps 50 Mbps Upload 1.9 Mbps 7.5 Mbps 10 Mbps Offer and pricing Fibe 50 $75.00/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$25.00/mo. per month One time modem rental fee $199.95 One-time modem rental fee credit -$199.95 Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Price without credits is charged for any partial billing period. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe 100 Close modal Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Offer and pricing Fibe 100 $94.95/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$15.00/mo. per month One time modem rental fee $199.95 One-time modem rental fee credit -$199.95 Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Price without credits is charged for any partial billing period. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Bell Internet Plus Close modal Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Speeds to your Home Hub Min Most get Max Download 0.13 Mbps 3.5 Mbps 5 Mbps Upload 0.08 Mbps 0.50 Mbps 0.68 Mbps Offer and pricing Bell Internet Plus $69.95/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$20.00/mo. per month One time modem rental fee $79.95 One-time modem rental fee credit -$79.95 Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Price without credits is charged for any partial billing period. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Bell Internet Close modal Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Speeds to your Home Hub Min Most get Max Download 0.13 Mbps 3.5 Mbps 5 Mbps Upload 0.08 Mbps 0.50 Mbps 0.68 Mbps Offer and pricing Bell Internet $69.95/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$0.00/mo. One time modem rental fee $79.95 One-time modem rental fee credit -$79.95 Available to new residential customers, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Modem rental included. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Upload and download access speeds will vary depending on the distance between the customer’s modem and switching equipment from Bell. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Usage 50 GB/mo.Giga bytes per month; $4.00/additional GB.Giga byte; max. $100/mo.per month Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Price without credits is charged for any partial billing period. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Fibe 15 Close modal Also included in your package Bell Wi-Fi app Bell Install Bell email Offer and pricing Fibe Internet $49.95/mo. per month Monthly credit – 24 months -$0.00/mo. One-time modem rental fee $199.95 One time modem rental credit -$199.95 Available to new residential customers, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. (Δ) $100 prepaid card available to customers who add eligible Internet packages. Services must be installed within 30 days of order. Customer must continuously subscribe to eligible services and have an account in good standing for 60 days following Installation, after which an email is sent to register to redeem the card. Within 30 days of receipt of the registration email, Customer must register online to receive the card. Customer will receive card by mail within 4–6 weeks. One card per account. Card is issued by Peoples Trust Company pursuant to license by Visa Int. *Trademark of Visa International Service Association and used under license by Peoples Trust Company. No cash access or recurring payments. Card valid for up to 12 months; unused funds will forfeit after the last day of the month of the valid thru date. Card terms and conditions apply. The BELL and FIBE trademarks are owned by Bell Canada. All other trademarks are owned or used under license by Bell Canada or one of its subsidiaries. Available to new residential customers, where access/technology permit. Modem rental included. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Available to new residential customers, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Customer must opt to receive paperless billing. Modem rental included. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Additional monthly usage $4/additional GB; max. $100/mo. Available to new residential customers in Ontario, where access/technology permit. Subject to change without notice; not combinable with other offers. Taxes extra. Price without credits is charged for any partial billing period. Any change to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions. ‡ $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. Close Package Detail Modal Order now To order Wireless Home Internet, call us at 1 866 210-7060. Close Order now To order Wireless Home Internet, call us at 1 866 857-2386. Close Bell Pure Fibre: Canada’s fastest Internet3 With 100% Pure Fibre Internet straight to your home, enjoy total speeds of up to 6 Gbps. That’s more than 100% faster than cable’s total speeds of 2.2 Gbps. Up to 6Gbps Giga bits per second Combined download and upload speeds Up to 1.5x Faster download speeds than cable Up to 15x Faster upload speeds than cable Your browser does not support the video tag. Bell Pure Fibre Internet Download 3 Gbps Bell pure fibre delivers 3 gigabits per second download speed. Upload 3 Gbps Bell pure fibre delivers 3 gigabits per second upload speed. Cable Download 2 Gbps Cable provides 2 gigabits per second download speed. Upload 200 Mbps Cable provides 200 megabits per second upload speed. Graphic shows the connection from the neighbourhood to the home and compares the most widely available network technologies in Ontario by Bell and a major cable provider. Most awarded Internet service provider. For the second year in a row, pure fibre Internet has been awarded fastest Internet in Canada3 and ranked fastest Wi-Fi in the country in Ookla’s Q1–Q2 2024 Speedtest Awards report. In addition to Brandspark’s most trusted ISP4, this makes Bell the most awarded Internet service provider in Canada. Your browser does not support the video tag. Why Pure Fibre is better than cable The fastest speeds Fibre transmits data using light pulses, which travel much faster than the electrical signals used by cable. This results in much faster download and upload speeds. The most reliable technology5 Fibre is less susceptible to interference from external sources, such as electromagnetic fields. This makes them more reliable and less prone to outages. More bandwidth Fibre can handle a much larger amount of data than cable. You can upload and download files faster and stream more seamlessly. Your browser does not support the video tag. Canada’s fastest Wi-Fi3 Our Giga Hub, featuring Wi-Fi 6E, brings gigabit speeds straight to your home to ensure the entire household can surf, stream, game and more at the same time without missing a beat. Wi-Fi 6E With Wi-Fi 6E you will enjoy enhanced performance, faster speeds and lower latency when used with a compatible device. Three bands To ensure optimal connectivity and speed for all your devices across 2.4, 5 and 6 GHz frequencies. Wi-Fi Pods Get fast, wall-to-wall Internet with our Wi-Fi pods.They work with our Giga Hub to create a powerful Wi-Fi network that reaches every room. Learn more Take control of your Wi-Fi Pause Internet Control who gets on the Internet and when. Share your Wi-Fi Easily share your network name and password with guests. Get network status Run speed tests and see signal strength by device. Monitor access See who’s connected to your network at any time. Shop fibre-powered Internet plans View plans Bundle and save View bundles Additional details $0 for self-install or for professional install if self-install is not available. $150 professional install fee applies if you decline self-install when available. A wired connection or a combination of wireless and wired connections is required to obtain maximum speed. Speed experienced on the Internet may vary with your technical configuration, Internet traffic, server, your environment, simultaneous use of IPTV (if applicable) and other factors. Based on analysis by Ookla® of Speedtest Intelligence® data Fixed and Wi-Fi nationally aggregated Speed Score results for Q1–Q2 2024. Ookla trademarks used under license and reprinted with permission. Voted most trusted High Speed Internet Provider brand by Canadian shoppers based on the 2023 BrandSpark® Canadian Trust Study. Based on 2023/2024 third party testing data compared to major cable technology providers. Upload access speed varies depending on the distance between the customer’s modem and switching equipment from Bell: min. 2 Mbps and max. 10 Mbps. Download speed up to 3 Gbps Gigabits per second. Upload speed up to 3 Gbps Gigabits per second. A wired connection or a combination of wireless and wired connections is required to obtain maximum speed. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Fibre to the neighbourhood or to the home Bell offers two fast, fibre Internet technologies. Depending on where you live, we either bring fibre right to your neighbourhood or, in a growing number of areas, straight to your home – the fastest Internet technology. Fibre to the neighbourhood 100 Mbps100 Mega bits per second Max download speedto your Home Hub 10 Mbps10 Mega bits per second 6 Max upload speedto your Home Hub Fibre to the home 3 Gbps 3 Giga bits per second 7 Max download speedto your Giga Hub 3 Gbps3 Giga bits per second 7 Max upload speedto your Giga Hub Additional details Close modal Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.