Financing for Phones, Tablets and Smartwatches - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Device financing Getting the device you love just got easier with a Rogers credit card or a 5G mobile plan. Get the latest phones for 50% lower payments per month.1 How it works Financing with a Rogers credit card Lower your monthly device payments by up to 50%.1 Buy your new phone in-store with your Rogers credit card and Rogers mobile services. Set up an Equal Payment Plan2 with 0% interest for 36 or 48 months.2 Not a Rogers credit card holder? Apply in-store and get approved on the spot.3 Apply for a Rogers credit card Find a store Financing with Rogers Choose any smartphone, tablet or smartwatch for $0 down on approved credit, 0% interest with financing over 24 months on a 5G Mobile plan or a Rogers Infinite plan.4 Pay off your devices in equal monthly payments (plus taxes) over your 24-month term. You can also make lump-sum payments any time! Shop devices Shop plans Financing with Save & Return Get up to $570 Save & Return credit when you agree to return the device within your 24-month term.5 Choose your phone and select financing with Save & Return as your financing option at checkout. Return the device to us within 24 months. Want to keep the device? Just pay the Save & Return amount and its yours! Shop phones Find a store Compare financing options Learn how our financing options differ with a $1,200 phone purchase (before taxes). Prices shown are for demonstration purposes only. Select option With a Rogers credit card With a mobile plan With Save & Return With a Rogers credit card Full price $1200 Save & Return amount - Financing amount $1200 Term 48 months Keep phone? Yes Monthly device payments $25/month Details With a Rogers credit card With a mobile plan With Save & Return Full price $1200 $1200 $1200 Save & Return amount - - $570 Financing amount $1200 $1200 $630 Term 48 months 24 months 24 months Keep phone? Yes Yes No Monthly device payments $25/month $50/month $26.24/ month Enhance your financing experience Save even more with these plan and device options Rogers Trade-Up Program Trade in your phone, tablet or smartwatch and get a credit towards a new device. Learn more Sign up for Automatic Payments Avoid late fees and get your bill automatically paid every month at the same time. Don’t worry, you’ll get a notification to review your bill before every payment. Plus, get $10 off your monthly bill! Set up Automatic Payments Device Protection Get peace of mind from knowing that your phone will be protected. Sign up today and get your first broken screen repair on us! Learn more See full details As compared to financing a phone at full price with $0 down through a Financing Agreement with Rogers Communications Canada Inc. over 24 months without Save & Return and/or promo credits. Offer available to primary cardholders only on purchases of $250 or more on your Rogers Bank credit card made in participating Rogers, Fido or Shaw-branded stores or third-party retail locations offering Rogers products. Terms of 36 or 48 months available. Rogers mobile plan required (with no fixed term). Offer must be accepted by the primary cardholder by submitting the request with a Rogers representative at the time of purchase. Request cannot be made through your online Rogers Bank account or in any other manner. In order to qualify, at the time you submit your request: your account must be in good standing, you must have less than 6 Equal Payment Plans on your account and the outstanding balance on your account must be equal to or greater than the amount of the purchase. It may take up to 10 calendar days after submitting the request form for your purchase to be converted to an Equal Payment Plan. During the term of the Equal Payment Plan, interest will be calculated on the outstanding Equal Payment Plan balance at an annual interest rate of 0%. There is no interest payable from the date of the purchase up to the date the eligible purchase is converted to an Equal Payment Plan. Offer availability for mobile wallet purchases subject to tap limit restrictions at participating retailers. Subject to credit assessment and/or income verification, as applicable. Subject to credit assessment and/or income verification, as applicable. 0% APR on approved credit with a financing agreement (FA) and a Rogers Infinite plan or 5G mobile plan. A down payment may be required based on our evaluation of your credit. FA based on full price plus applicable taxes less any Save & Return Amount (excluding promo credits, if applicable, which are applied monthly on your bill for as long as your FA is in place); if your FA is terminated and or if your wireless plan is cancelled, your outstanding financing balance becomes due along with your Save & Return Amount (if applicable). The promo credit (if applicable) will end in both cases. Save & Return: Program consists of purchase of eligible phone on Rogers 5G Infinite plans with financing; Save & Return amount is applied after taxes to lower monthly financing program payments. You must return phone in good working condition (must power up to the home screen, accept a charge, and have the ability to perform a factory reset; LCD/touchscreen must be functioning and cannot have any dark spots and/or blemishes and there cannot be any physical damage to a device such as cracks in the body of the device or broken and/or cracked LCD/touchscreen and/or back glass; all accounts and passwords must be removed and/or turned off; device cannot have been reported lost or stolen) during month 24 (or in months 2-24 while upgrading to a new phone with financing), otherwise Save & Return Amount will be charged to your account. Cancelling your services during your 2-year Save & Return term will result in charging of Save & Return Amount, in addition to your outstanding financing balance, subject to any applicable adjustments to reduce your balance.