Bell home Wi-Fi | Internet | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Internet Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Internet Why Bell Plans Wi-Fi Bell Tech Expert Promotions change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Bell home Wi-Fi Pure Fibre Internet Starting from $60.00/mo. 60 dollars per month. Learn more Fastest Internet technology with 100% pure fibre. Wi-Fi 6E technology. Wall-to-wall coverage with our available Wi-Fi 6E pods. The world’s fastest Internet technology With pure fibre Internet, you can get a download speed of up to 3 Gbps and an upload speed of up to 3 Gbps in select areas. That's a total of 6 Gbps. Always get the strongest signal and best speeds available, thanks to our cloud-based technology that automatically optimizes your network in the background. View plans Awesome Wi-Fi always includedAwesome Wi-Fi always included All Internet plans include our Home Hub for fast, reliable and powerful home Wi Fi to connect your devices wirelessly. Plus, in areas where we offer pure fibre Internet, customers get our Giga Hub with Wi-Fi 6E. View plans Take control of your Wi-Fi Manage your home network with our easy-to-use app. Pause Internet Control who gets on the Internet and when. Share your Wi-Fi Easily share your network name and password with guests. Get network status Run speed tests and see signal strength by device. Monitor access See who’s connected to your network at any time. Get wall-to-wall Wi-Fi Enhance coverage throughout your home with our Wi-Fi pods. Wall-to-wall coverage Get fast, wall-to-wall Internet with our Wi-Fi pods. In areas where we offer pure fibre Internet, you get our new Wi-Fi 6E pods. Our Giga Hub works together with our Wi-Fi pods to create a seamless, powerful Wi-Fi network that covers every room in your home. Coverage in every room Get fast, wall-to-wall Internet with our Wi-Fi pods. In areas where we offer pure fibre Internet, you get our new Wi-Fi 6E pods. Our Giga Hub works together with our Wi-Fi pods to create a seamless, powerful Wi-Fi network that covers every room in your home. Your browser does not support the video tag. Smart network Always get the strongest signal and best speeds available, thanks to our cloud-based smart network that automatically optimizes to give you the fastest Wi-Fi speed as you move around your home. Where Wi-Fi pods can help the most Larger homes Your home has several bedrooms or multiple floors, and you’ve noticed slower speeds or dropped signals in some areas. Our Wi-Fi pods create a mesh network, allowing you to experience seamless and powerful Wi-Fi in every room. Households with many connected devices You have multiple devices simultaneously connected to Wi-Fi that are straining your connection and slowing down some devices. Our smart Wi-Fi pods will optimize your network to deliver a strong connection to the devices that need it most. Areas prone to interference There are several wireless networks surrounding your apartment that are interfering with your connection. Wi-Fi pods work with our Home Hub to relieve poor performance by automatically routing the strongest signal available to your devices. Experience great Wi-Fi in every room Not with Bell? Sign up for Fibe Internet and add Wi-Fi pods. See available plans Already have Fibe Internet? Add Wi-Fi pods from $5/mo.$5 per month each Learn more Order now Details Connectivity 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac wireless technology Simultaneous tri-band: 1 x 2.4 GHz and 2 x 5GHz Dimensions 95.5 mm x 86.7mm x 39mm Colour White Requirements Fibe Internet subscription. Bell Wi-Fi app. Android (4.4 or higher) or iOS (11.0 or higher) device. Each pod must be plugged into an electrical outlet. Offer details Available to Internet residential customers with continued subscription to an eligible Bell Internet service and an account in good standing, where access/technology permit. May differ from illustration shown. Price is subject to increase during your subscription. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. One 2-pack rental per account. Additional Wi-Fi pod rental available on a single basis, up to a maximum of 14 additional pods per account. Additional pods: $5/mo$5 per month each. Pods may be new or refurbished at Bell’s choice. Download the app to install the podsDownload the app to install the pods Download the app to install the pods Already have Bell Wi-Fi pods?Already have Bell Wi-Fi pods? Get support Additional details Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Disney’s Frozen 2 ©2020 DISNEY More ways to shop Chat Live Call us at 1 866 919-1464 Book an appointment Find a store Appointment options At a store Meet with a representative to learn more about our latest products, services and offerings. Book an appointment Have us call you now Skip the waiting time and get the next available representative to call you now. Have us call you now Over the phone Have a Bell representative call you at the time of your choosing. Request a call back Additional details Close modal Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.