Wireless Home Internet | Rural Internet | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Rural Internet Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Rural Internet Why Bell Packages Wi-Fi change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Rural Internet Rural Internet View all plans Edit Find available services and offers When autocomplete results are available, use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. View all plans See if Wireless Home Internet is available at your address. Check availability Do you need more time to make a selection? To prevent a timeout, please continue your session. Time left: 00:00 For your security, your session will expire shortly due to inactivity. Time left: 10 minutes Continue Session timeout Due to inactivity, your session has timed out. Start over Check availability of Bell Fibe TV Loading data. Please wait... Welcome to the cottage. And fast Internet. How it works Connect your home to the Internet through our expanding wireless broadband network. Our technician will install a small antenna outside your home that will connect to the wireless network, delivering download speeds of up to 50 MbpsMega bits per second. We will also install a Home Hub 3000 inside your home so that you can enjoy a Wi-Fi connection for all your devices. Check availability Do more of what you love online. Fast download speeds Get download speeds of up to 50 MbpsMega bits per second that let you work, surf, watch videos and more. Unlimited usage† Enjoy unlimited usage with 600GBGigabyte at maximum speeds to download and stream tons of content. † Beyond 600GBGigabyte speeds will be reduced. No additional usage fee applies.1 View packages Great Wi-Fi always included. Our Home Hub lets you connect your devices wirelessly to the Internet. Plus, our Wi-Fi pods enhance coverage throughout your home More reasons to choose Bell Bell Wi-Fi app Manage your home network easily with an app. Pause Internet access, quickly share your Wi-Fi with guests, run speed tests and much more. Learn more Wall-to-wall Wi-Fi Get fast, wall-to-wall Internet with our Wi-Fi pods. Add them with Wireless Home Internet to experience great Wi-Fi in every room. Learn more Full professional installation included Our technician will ensure that our wireless technology performs at its best at your house and once confirmed, proceed with the installation. Learn more Switch to Wireless Home Internet today 25 Mbps Internet Right now $50.00/mo. Learn More 25 Mbps Internet + Satellite TV Right now $75.00/mo. Bonus: subscribe to Crave and enjoy 2 months free.** ** (Crave: current price $22/mo., subject to increase). Learn More Offer details † Beyond 600 GB, download speed is up to 10 Mbps and upload speed is up to 2 Mbps. No additional usage fee applies. Beyond 600 GB, speeds will be reduced to 20 Mbps download and 4 Mbps upload for 50 Mbps plan, and to 10 Mbps download and 2 Mbps upload for 25 Mbps plan. No additional usage fee applies. For more information on our Internet traffic management practices, see bell.ca/trafficpolicy. How to order 1 866 845-2998 Chat live Find a store Additional details Close modal Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.