Freshwater ecology course promotes science diplomacy across the Americas | DailyNews Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR MENU FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR DailyNews DailyNews In this section Current Issue Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Sign up to subscribe Contact DailyNews Current Issue Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Sign up to subscribe Contact DailyNews Students take samples from the Santiago River watershed in Mexico as part of a tri-national project on stream ecosystem assessment. Freshwater ecology course promotes science diplomacy across the Americas Oct 25th, 2024 Freshwater ecology students from the University of Windsor have gone global. A diverse delegation — field course participants from this term’s fourth-year course in stream ecology, Indigenous youth and staff from the National Urban Park Hub, and graduate students — travelled to Mexico in August to visit the Santiago River watershed and the campus of the Universidad Jesuita de Guadalajara. The trip reflected an award under the 100K Strong in the Americas Alliance for Climate Action, part of a public-private sector collaboration among the U.S. State Department, embassies, Partners of the Americas, and foundations including Global Affairs Canada, who work together to stimulate new higher education partnerships across the Western Hemisphere. For the first time, University of Windsor was a co-recipient of the award — faculty including UWindsor’s Catherine Febria, Sally Entrekin of with Virginia Tech University and ITESO, and David Rizo Decelis and Hugo de Alba Martínez of Universidad Jesuita de Guadalajara will collaborate to deliver shared course content and fieldwork experiences in parallel courses this term. Over two weeks in August, students and staff from all three universities collaborated to assess stream health in Mexican freshwater ecosystems while also learning about local watershed issues and forming collaborations with American and Mexican peers. The group worked together to assess waterfall headwaters in the mountains; Mexico’s largest inland lake, Lago Chapala; and hot springs in the heart of La Primavera, Guadalajara’s urban park reserve. Students and staff from the University of Windsor, Virginia Tech University, and the Universidad Jesuita de Guadalajara visited the Santiago River basin in western Mexico this past August as part of a teaching exchange and grant. This semester, undergraduate classes will compare datasets collected from watersheds in all three countries. The teams will meet up again in December for a week-long visit to Windsor. “UWindsor students and staff had the opportunity to learn first-hand about the importance of collaborations when studying freshwater ecosystem health, while also building their own networks,” said Dr. Febria. “More importantly, we didn’t just helicopter into the community to do extractive science. We look forward to reciprocating when we welcome the teams from Mexico and USA to Windsor later this term.” UWindsor dean of science Claudio Verani hailed the collaborative approach to environmental research. “This kind of teamwork — where reciprocal interest and respect are present — brings investigators working towards the same preservation goals and marks a new form of research based on acknowledging the differences and promoting the similarities that makes us human,” he said. Febria said the course prepares students for a global perspective on ecological issues. “Water connects us all and yet the ability to care for water is not the same across watersheds or countries,” she said. “The more we can offer opportunities for students and early career folks to work together, the better equipped they will be to collaborate, and problem solve in the future.” Catherine Febria Claudio Verani Strategic Priority: Research and Creative Activity Teaching and Learning Academic Area: Research Science share post save IT Services UWinsite Student Disruption - Wednesday, November 6 (Resolved) Nov 6, 2024 UWinsite Finance Refresh - Tuesday, November 5 Nov 5, 2024 UWindsor Daily News website under maintenance - Monday, October 28 Oct 28, 2024 Website and application disruption – Monday, October 28 Oct 28, 2024 Campus Wi-Fi Disruption - Friday, October 18 from 6:00 a.m. – 8:00 a.m. Oct 17, 2024 Internal Job Postings Nov 6, 2024 - Work-Integrated Learning Coordinator 'VI' in the Office of Experiential Learning - Co-operative Education & Workplace Partnerships (substitute until approx. Oct. 26/25) Equipment for Sale Oct 30, 2024 - Glasses, Tables, Chairs and Various Kitchen/Restaurant Items for Sale by Bid share post save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency and Crisis Services Follow us on X (Twitter) Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram