Study with Chimczuk Museum explores cognitive benefits of museum visits | DailyNews Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR MENU FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor SUPPORT UWINDSOR DailyNews DailyNews In this section Current Issue Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Sign up to subscribe Contact DailyNews Current Issue Search DailyNews by date Search DailyNews by topic Sign up to subscribe Contact DailyNews Kinesiology professor Franceso Biondi is leading a study investigating the cognitive benefits of museum visits. Study with Chimczuk Museum explores cognitive benefits of museum visits Oct 21st, 2024 Research has shown that a walk in nature can significantly boost mental well-being. But can a stroll through a museum or gallery have a similar effect? Francesco Biondi, an expert in human factors and a faculty member in the Department of Kinesiology, is leading a study to find out. In collaboration with the City of Windsor’s Chimczuk Museum, Dr. Biondi and his research team will explore how visiting museums could potentially improve cognitive functions and mental resources. “The idea for this project stems from existing literature on cognitive restoration,” Dr. Biondi explained. “Research shows that spending time in natural environments, like urban parks or the outdoors, can reduce stress and improve well-being. Personally, I enjoy art and often visit concerts and museums. This led me to wonder if we might find a similar cognitive or restorative effect when visiting museums.” Participants will walk in one of three possible environments for about 30 to 45 minutes. One group will take a general walk through campus, another will stroll through the Chimczuk Museum, and the third will walk through a natural environment, such as Ojibway Park or another local park. Before heading out on their trek, participants will complete a series of tasks to assess their physiological and cognitive state, aiming to mentally fatigue them slightly before the walk. “During the walk, participants will wear an eye tracker, which looks like a pair of glasses and allows us to monitor where they’re looking and for how long. After the walk, we’ll measure their performance on different cognitive tasks again, comparing it to their initial results. We’ll also assess brain activation metrics to see how the walk affects them in different scenarios,” Biondi said. He anticipates researchers will see greater improvements in test performance after a visit to the Chimczuk Museum compared to a typical walk outdoors. “Museum Windsor is very pleased to participate in this valuable research. We look forward to assisting in building scientific knowledge about the effects of museum visits on cognitive restoration,” said museum curator Madelyn Della Valle. Biondi noted that the literature on nature suggests stress is reduced by spending time in a quiet environment among trees and the calming sounds of nature, particularly when people are away from their phones. He believes having a quiet space free from outdoor noise, and putting down the phone will be an important aspect of the museum study as well. “I think about when I go to museums and being exposed to the paintings and artifacts, and they have that imaginative effect of taking your mind away from your daily life and job, and just being immersed in this overall relaxing and learning environment,” Biondi said. For more information about Dr. Biondi’s research, visit www.hslab.org. Strategic Priority: Partnership and Engagement Research and Creative Activity Academic Area: Human Kinetics share post save IT Services UWinsite Student Disruption - Wednesday, November 6 (Resolved) Nov 6, 2024 UWinsite Finance Refresh - Tuesday, November 5 Nov 5, 2024 UWindsor Daily News website under maintenance - Monday, October 28 Oct 28, 2024 Website and application disruption – Monday, October 28 Oct 28, 2024 Campus Wi-Fi Disruption - Friday, October 18 from 6:00 a.m. – 8:00 a.m. Oct 17, 2024 Internal Job Postings Nov 6, 2024 - Work-Integrated Learning Coordinator 'VI' in the Office of Experiential Learning - Co-operative Education & Workplace Partnerships (substitute until approx. Oct. 26/25) Equipment for Sale Oct 30, 2024 - Glasses, Tables, Chairs and Various Kitchen/Restaurant Items for Sale by Bid share post save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency and Crisis Services Follow us on X (Twitter) Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram