Optimize your Home WiFi - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Support / Internet / Setup & Install / Optimize your Home WiFi Email this page Optimize your Home WiFi Below are some easy and effective ways to improve the WiFi connections throughout your home. A variety of factors can affect strength and speed, but thankfully you can fix most of these issues in a few simple steps so that you can get the most out of your favourite devices, old and new. You can also troubleshoot any WiFi issues easily using the Rogers Xfinity app, or the MyWiFi app, depending on your modem model. Table of Contents Restart your modem and your device Check that modem connections are secure Give your modem some space and find the perfect spot for it Make sure your device is connected to the best possible network Related links Restart your modem and your device First, try unplugging your modem for 10 seconds, then plug it back in. Just remember that your home WiFi connections will be temporarily interrupted during this process. A restart triggers the modem to re-scan and optimize connectivity for your current WiFi environment. If your modem is hard to reach, you can try the following: For the Rogers Xfinity Gateway, you can use the Rogers Xfinity app to restart your Gateway. OR For older modems, you can try accessing the modem settings online. Also, try restarting your device itself: an issue with your laptop, phone, or tablet may also affect performance. Back to Top Check that modem connections are secure Make sure that all cables and cords are securely connected to your modem. The cable outlet, electrical outlet or device must also be connected at the other end. These can come loose if the modem is accidentally moved and should always be plugged in or turned finger-tight. Back to Top Give your modem some space and find the perfect spot for it Another great way to optimize your WiFi is to make sure your modem is in the perfect spot - visible in a central location in your home, with some space around it. For more tips, this article can definitely help. To learn more about WiFi interference, check out this article. TIP: make sure that your modem vents aren’t covered or blocked by debris or dust. These vents may also be at the bottom of the modem. Back to Top Make sure your device is connected to the best possible network Rogers WiFi modems support two frequencies, meaning you have access to two different WiFi networks. Newer modem models, like the Rogers Xfinity Gateway (XB6), use band steering by default; automatically connecting your device to the best available network. Our Hitron CODA and Hitron CGN AC family of modems also support band steering, but it might need to be turned on. Learn more about how to turn on band steering: for the Hitron CODA modem for the Hitron CGN AC Family modems If you've disabled band steering or have an older modem model, you'll see two networks: <Network Name>-5G is the 5 GHz network which offers the fastest WiFi speeds — great for streaming, but it has shorter range than the 2.4 Ghz network. This frequency is also less commonly used by household electronics, so there’s typically less signal interference or congestion to slow you down. We recommend connecting devices to this network whenever possible. <Network Name> is the 2.4 GHz network which offers speeds that are ideal for everyday surfing. Its signal also has a farther reach. Keep in mind, older devices may not support connecting to the <Network Name>-5G WiFi network. If you can’t see this network on a specific device but you can see it on others, you may want to consider replacing the device or updating its WiFi adapter, if possible for better WiFi performance. Back to Top Related links Understanding WiFi > Understanding Dual-Band and Band Steering > Where to Put your Modem > Test your Internet Speed > Back to Top