Cable Promos - The Best TV and Cable Deals - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. TV Promotions Mobile Internet TV Home Security Interested in Rogers Xfinity TV Bundles? Sign up now to get updates on special offers, plus exciting new features coming to the service! Sign up now Disney+ now included in select Rogers Xfinity TV plans! Watch all your favourite content on Disney+ Standard with Ads, included with Rogers Xfinity Popular or Ultimate TV plans. View bundles Get $100 off with a Rogers credit card when you shop Rogers Xfinity online! Get any Rogers Xfinity Internet & TV bundle online and get $100 in credits on your Rogers credit card statements. Get it now Compare cards 1. Offer available to Rogers Bank credit card primary cardholders who are not already Rogers Internet or Comwave customers. Offer begins on November 7, 2024 and ends on December 31, 2024 at 11:59 pm EST (the “Offer Period”). 2. Get $100 in credits on applicable Rogers Bank credit card statements when you, during the Offer Period: a. subscribe to an eligible Rogers Xfinity or Comwave Internet package plus an eligible Rogers Xfinity TV/Streaming plan or Comwave TV package, online or in participating Rogers branded stores or third-party retail locations offering Rogers products, and b. pay your Rogers Xfinity or Comwave bill with your Rogers Bank credit card (Rogers/Comwave account holder and Rogers Bank primary cardholder must be the same). 3. If you are not a cardholder, you must apply for a Rogers Bank credit card during the Offer Period and within 15 days of your Rogers Xfinity or Comwave service subscription. Application must be approved to qualify for the offer. Application approval subject to credit assessment and, if applicable, income verification. 4. After qualifying for the offer, your $100 savings will be applied as two $50 credits on your Rogers Bank monthly statements as follows: a. The first $50 credit within approximately 3 months, and b. The second $50 credit within approximately 6 months. 5. Your Rogers Bank and Rogers or Comwave residential services accounts must be open, active and in good standing at the time of the statement credit or it will not be applied. Offer may be changed, cancelled or extended at any time without notice. We may revoke this offer if you appear to be manipulating or abusing it, or are engaged in any suspicious or fraudulent activity, as we may determine in our sole discretion. Rogers and Comwave employees are not eligible for this offer. Show full details Surf, watch and save big with Rogers Xfinity! Get the ultimate entertainment experience in a bundle with Rogers Xfinity TV and Internet. Starting at $100/month on a 24-month term. Get it now Add Xfinity Self Protection for only $15/mo! Keep an eye on your home with Rogers Xfinity cameras and 24/7 Video Recording with 7 days of history stored safely in the cloud. Add Rogers Xfinity Self Protection to any new or existing Rogers Xfinity Internet plan for only $15/mo for 36 months. Learn more Call 1-877-490-9478 Get 2 months of Crave on us with Rogers Xfinity TV Catch the latest from Crave, HBO, Max and more. Add Crave to your Rogers Xfinity TV and enjoy 2 months on us. $22/month thereafter. Call 1-855-401-6416 Terms and conditions Offer available within Rogers cable service area (where technology permits) to new and existing Rogers Xfinity TV customers who do not currently subscribe to Crave or have not been a subscriber within the last 90-day period prior to redeeming this offer. Offer subject to change without notice. Taxes extra. Full monthly service fee will be charged if subscription is cancelled anytime during your billing cycle (no full or partial refund provided) after promotional period. If cancellation occurs during promotional period, discounted amount will be charged until end of billing cycle. Advertised regular price of $22/mo. applies in month 3. Show details Subscribe to STACKTV and get your first month free On STACKTV, there’s a stream for everyone! Stream the hottest shows from 16 amazing TV channels you can watch live and 1000s of episodes on demand. Subscribe and get your first month free! Offer available for first time subscribers. Auto-renews at $12.99/mo thereafter, subject to change (plus applicable taxes. Restrictions apply). Say "STACKTV" into your Ignite voice remote to get started. Terms and conditions Offer available to Rogers Ignite TV or Rogers Ignite Streaming Bundle customers who don't currently subscribe to STACKTV and haven't subscribed through Rogers in the past 90-days. Offer subject to change without notice and available once per Rogers account. Your promo period starts the day you sign up for StackTV through Rogers. In month two (2), your subscription will automatically renew on a monthly basis at the then-current market price (currently $12.99/mo + taxes, subject to change), unless cancelled at least 1 day prior to the end of your promotional period. Cancellation of your STACKTV subscription will take effect on your next billing date and applicable charges will continue to apply until your next billing date. Show details Meet the Rogers Red Mastercard® Apply for the Rogers Red Mastercard® today and enjoy these amazing benefits: 3% cash back value1 when you redeem with Rogers. Exclusively for Rogers customers2 5 Roam Like Home days at no cost every year with an eligible Rogers mobile plan3 No annual fee Learn more Terms and conditions You will earn 2% cash back rewards on eligible purchases made in US dollars and 1% cash back rewards on all other eligible purchases. If you are an eligible Rogers, Shaw or Fido customer with an eligible service and your accounts are in good standing, you will earn 2% cash back rewards on all eligible purchases. Eligible services include postpaid Rogers or Fido-branded consumer mobile plans (including wireless home phone and tablet data plans) or any Rogers, Shaw or Fido-branded internet, TV, home phone, home monitoring or satellite plan.Business/corporate plans are excluded. You must be the primary account holder for the eligible service. Eligibility for postpaid Rogers consumer mobile plans includes user who has permission to make changes on the account (i.e. a Level 1 Authorized User). Cash back rewards are earned on eligible purchases or deducted for returns on a per-transaction basis based on the posting date of the transaction. Cash advances, balance transfers, cash-like transactions, interest, fees, insurance premiums and payments are not eligible purchases and do not qualify. Minimum redemption amount is $10 CAD. Cash back rewards can be redeemed online through the Rogers Bank app towards purchases or requested in the form of a statement credit annually. Account must be open and in good standing to earn and redeem cash back rewards. Foreign currency transactions are converted to Canadian dollars at the rate established by Mastercard International in effect on or after the date of the transaction and no later than the date the transaction is posted to the account plus an amount equal to 2.5% of the transaction amount after it has been converted to Canadian dollars. Your cash back rewards can be redeemed for 150% of their regular redemption value when you apply them against eligible Rogers Communications Canada Inc. (“Rogers”) purchases, including new phones, bill payments and accessories. Fido and Shaw purchases are included. Exclusions apply. Redemptions must be made in the Rogers Bank app, where eligible Rogers purchases are identified. Minimum redemption amount is $10 CAD. Roam Like Home is provided by Rogers Communication Canada Inc. (“Rogers”) and available to most Rogers customers with an eligible postpaid mobile plan (most enterprise plans, monthly plans that include roaming services as well as prepaid accounts are excluded). You will automatically be credited up to 5 Roam Like Home days per year on your Rogers bill once you link your Rogers Mastercard account to your Rogers postpaid account and eligible mobile plan. Both accounts must be in good standing. Unused Roam Like Home days at no cost do not carry over to the following year. See rogers.com/terms for full Roam Like Home terms and conditions. Show details