Bell | Wireless, Internet and TV Service Provider in Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Home Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Bell Homepage Your current region: Ontario Select a region: Change Change current region Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Close region selector Order Mobility online and we’ll waive the $70 Connection Service Fee.1 Black Friday Event BLACK FRIDAY ON NOW! Get on the most reliable 5G network2 Save over $850 on amazing phones. See deals Over 24 months with SmartPay. Compared to our device full price. BLACK FRIDAY ON NOW! Switch to the fastest and most reliable Internet. Pure Fibre Internet from only $60.00/mo. 60 dollars per month. More deals Limited time. Don’t miss out. Limited time. Don’t miss out. See all offers TakeOver-modal Black Friday Mobility Internet Bundles TV Smart Home Connected things Business Get on the most reliable 5G network.2 100 GB for only $50.00/mo. 50 dollars per month. included Buy now When you bring your own phone and bundle with Internet. Includes Autopay credit. Switch to pure fibre Internet and Fibe TV From only $100.00/mo. 95 dollars per month. Learn more BLACK FRIDAY ON NOW! Save up to $880 on Samsung Galaxy S24. More deals Over 24 months with SmartPay on an eligible 2-year plan. Compared to our device full price. BLACK FRIDAY ON NOW! Get our best prices of the year on iPhone. View iPhone 15 View all iPhone offers Most awarded Internet service provider. Learn more Bell named Canada’s fastest and most reliable 5G network. 2 Learn more Bell for Better We’re building energy-efficient fibre networks. Just one of our many initiatives making our world more prosperous, more sustainable, and more connected every day. Learn more Sign up to hear about incredible offers you won’t want to miss – plus our latest products, services and more. Email address Submit By submitting, you agree to receive Bell emails, including information we think may be of interest to you about Bell’s products and services (and those of our marketing partners). You can unsubscribe and manage your marketing preferences at any time at email preferences. Loading data. Please wait... Thank you for registering to receive the latest Bell news and offers. Keep an eye on your inbox for upcoming deals, amazing offers and exciting updates. Manage your services with the MyBell app. View and pay bills, check usage, update your services and add-ons, and more – anytime, anywhere. Scan the QR code with your smartphone camera to go to your app store. Download the app View additional details Offer valid with an eligible 2-year or 30-day plan. New activations only. Applicable to smartphones only; not eligible on tablets, Mobile Internet or IoT products. Bill credit is comprised of waived one-time Connection Service Fee ($70) applied as a separate credit by your 1st or 2nd billing period. Based on a third party score (Global Wireless Solutions OneScore™) calculated using wireless network testing in Canada against other national wireless networks. See bell.ca/network. Exclusive for Bell Internet customers Bring your own phone and get 120 GB for $45.00/mo. 45 dollars per month. Get this offer now When you bring your own phone. Back to main content About us About us About Bell Canada Our services Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre Social media links Bell Canada Facebook Page. Opens in new tab. Bell Canada X Page. Opens in new tab. Bell Canada Instagram Page. Opens in new tab. Bell Canada LinkedIn Page. Opens in new tab. Bell Canada Youtube Page. Opens in new tab. Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. Site map Additional details Close modal Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 3 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers (like Black Friday) or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close