Internet Deals - Home Internet Offers - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Shop / Promotions Internet Promotions Mobile Internet TV Home Security Interested in Rogers Xfinity Internet services? Sign up now to get updates on special offers, plus exciting new features coming to the service! Sign up now Get Rogers Internet and a chance of a lifetime. Switch to Rogers for a chance to win tickets weekly to Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour. New customers will receive contest information within our next weekly contest email.* Contest details * NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Open to residents of Canada 13 years or older. Contest closes November 26, 2024 and is divided in 17 entry periods, with 35 prizes to be awarded in each entry period. Total of 595 prizes to be won (ARV ranging from up to CDN$1,000 to CDN$3,500 ea.); each prize includes 2 tickets to attend a Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour concert in either Toronto (ON) or Vancouver (BC). The odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received in each entry period. Correct answer to skill-testing question required to be declared a winner. Show contest rules Rogers Xfinity Internet for students! Save up to $40 for 12 months with our Rogers Xfinity Internet plans. Check eligibility Get internet starting as low as $60/month! From city to cottage and everywhere in between, Rogers Internet has you covered. Choose from Rogers Xfinity or 5G Home Internet plans Shop Internet Switch to Canada’s largest and most reliable 5G network1 starting at $50/month Don’t settle for less. Get a 5G mobile plan starting at $50/month3 After Automatic Payments Discount2 when you bring your own device and when paired with a home service. View plans Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. Rogers was ranked first in the umlaut Mobile Data Performance audit in 2022-2023. Visit https://www.umlaut.com/en/benchmarking/canada A $10/month discount is available on eligible in-market consumer Rogers Infinite plans and 5G mobile plans to customers who set up Automatic Payments on their account (not retroactive). You must keep Automatic Payments active with an eligible plan to maintain this discount. Discount will end if you move to an ineligible plan or cancel Automatic Payments. 5G Mobile plan 75GB includes $10/mo discount and Infinite Essential plan includes $30/mo discount as long as you keep Home service. Show details Surf, watch and save big with Rogers Xfinity! Get the ultimate entertainment experience in a bundle with Rogers Xfinity TV and Internet. Starting at $100/month on a 24-month term. Get it now Add Xfinity Self Protection for only $15/mo! Keep an eye on your home with Rogers Xfinity cameras and 24/7 Video Recording with 7 days of history stored safely in the cloud. Add Rogers Xfinity Self Protection to any new or existing Rogers Xfinity Internet plan for only $15/mo for 36 months. Learn more Call 1-877-490-9478 Rogers Xfinity Streaming on us Tired of switching between streaming apps? Watch what you love faster with voice search and pre-loaded apps. Get Rogers Xfinity Streaming on us for 24 months with Internet Starter 100 or higher. Shop now Offer available to eligible customers in Ontario, New Brunswick and Newfoundland and Labrador where access/technology permits. Subject to change without notice. Where applicable, Rogers Xfinity Streaming on us offers auto-renews at $5/month (subject to increase) in month 25. HDMI compatible TV required. Limit of 10 Rogers Xfinity Stream Boxes per account. Separate subscriptions are required to access certain streaming services. Registration for online billing required. Taxes extra. For term offers, a monthly credit will be applied against the thereafter price for 24 months. Rate increases to the thereafter price may occur during the term but will only take effect as of month 25. Early cancellation fee applies. For month to month offers, credit(s) will be applied against the current price for the duration of the promotional period(s). Show Full Details Meet the Rogers Red Mastercard® Apply for the Rogers Red Mastercard® today and enjoy these amazing benefits: 3% cash back value1 when you redeem with Rogers. Exclusively for Rogers customers2 5 Roam Like Home days at no cost every year with an eligible Rogers mobile plan3 No annual fee Learn more Terms and conditions You will earn 2% cash back rewards on eligible purchases made in US dollars and 1% cash back rewards on all other eligible purchases. If you are an eligible Rogers, Shaw or Fido customer with an eligible service and your accounts are in good standing, you will earn 2% cash back rewards on all eligible purchases. Eligible services include postpaid Rogers or Fido-branded consumer mobile plans (including wireless home phone and tablet data plans) or any Rogers, Shaw or Fido-branded internet, TV, home phone, home monitoring or satellite plan.Business/corporate plans are excluded. You must be the primary account holder for the eligible service. Eligibility for postpaid Rogers consumer mobile plans includes user who has permission to make changes on the account (i.e. a Level 1 Authorized User). Cash back rewards are earned on eligible purchases or deducted for returns on a per-transaction basis based on the posting date of the transaction. Cash advances, balance transfers, cash-like transactions, interest, fees, insurance premiums and payments are not eligible purchases and do not qualify. Minimum redemption amount is $10 CAD. Cash back rewards can be redeemed online through the Rogers Bank app towards purchases or requested in the form of a statement credit annually. Account must be open and in good standing to earn and redeem cash back rewards. Foreign currency transactions are converted to Canadian dollars at the rate established by Mastercard International in effect on or after the date of the transaction and no later than the date the transaction is posted to the account plus an amount equal to 2.5% of the transaction amount after it has been converted to Canadian dollars. Your cash back rewards can be redeemed for 150% of their regular redemption value when you apply them against eligible Rogers Communications Canada Inc. (“Rogers”) purchases, including new phones, bill payments and accessories. Fido and Shaw purchases are included. Exclusions apply. Redemptions must be made in the Rogers Bank app, where eligible Rogers purchases are identified. Minimum redemption amount is $10 CAD. Roam Like Home is provided by Rogers Communication Canada Inc. (“Rogers”) and available to most Rogers customers with an eligible postpaid mobile plan (most enterprise plans, monthly plans that include roaming services as well as prepaid accounts are excluded). You will automatically be credited up to 5 Roam Like Home days per year on your Rogers bill once you link your Rogers Mastercard account to your Rogers postpaid account and eligible mobile plan. Both accounts must be in good standing. Unused Roam Like Home days at no cost do not carry over to the following year. See rogers.com/terms for full Roam Like Home terms and conditions. Show details