Home Internet Plans - Unlimited Internet Packages - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Rogers Xfinity Internet plans Shop Canada's fastest and most reliable internet. As awarded by Opensignal.± Internet your way Canada's most reliable internet±. Choose from Rogers Xfinity or 5G Home Internet plans WiFi Satisfaction Guarantee With the most powerful WiFi technology for whole home coverage and speed Advanced WiFi security For your home WiFi and connected devices included with Rogers Xfinity Internet 5G Home internet** Starting at $ 60 .00 /mo* Risk free, try for 30 days Powered by our 5G mobile network Easy set up – just plug and play 100 Mbps download speed1 Good for 1-3 devices Eligible offer: For a limited time, get a $75 Today Shopping Choice (TSC) Savings Card when you activate any 5G Home Internet plan. Shop Now Starter 100 Mbps $ 75 .00 /mo* Includes $15/mo savings on a 24 mo term Powered by Rogers Xfinity Internet Supports streaming, TV and security 100 Mbps download speeds1 Unlimited usage for up to 10 devices Check availability Essentials 250 Mbps $ 90 .00 /mo* Includes $10/mo savings on a 24 mo term Powered by Rogers Xfinity Internet Supports streaming, TV and security 250 Mbps download speeds1 Unlimited usage for 10-15 devices Check availability Popular 500 Mbps $ 100 .00 /mo* Includes $10/mo savings on a 24 mo term Powered by Rogers Xfinity Internet Supports streaming, TV and security 500 Mbps download speeds1 Unlimited usage for 15-20 devices Check availability Ultimate 1 Gigabit $ 110 .00 /mo* Includes $10/mo savings on a 24 mo term Powered by Rogers Xfinity Internet Supports streaming, TV and security 1 Gbps download speeds1 Unlimited usage for 20+ devices Check availability Pro 2 Gigabit $ 120 .00 /mo* Includes $20/mo savings on a 24 mo term Powered by Rogers Xfinity Internet Streaming, gaming and 8K content 2 Gbps download speeds1 Unlimited usage for 25+ devices Check availability Save time and money when you buy Rogers Xfinity services online All-in-one streaming Save $120, enjoy Rogers Xfinity Streaming on us. Save on Fees Save the $39 setup fee Get $50. Easy! Get a $50 one-time bill credit Call 1-866-654-8536 Check availability Show more details ±Claim(s) based on winning National Overall Experience awards for Download Speed, Reliability Experience, Consistent Quality and Video Experience. Opensignal Awards - Canada: Fixed Broadband Experience Report May 2024, based on independent analysis of average fixed broadband measurements across all technologies recorded during the period Feb 1 - Apr 30, 2024 © 2024 Opensignal Limited. *Taxes extra. For term offers, a monthly credit will be applied against the thereafter price for 24 months. The thereafter price is subject to rate increase during and after the term and will take effect in month 25. An early cancellation fee (“ECF”) applies, calculated at $20/mo per month left in the term to a maximum of $480 for Rogers Xfinity Internet and Rogers Xfinity TV/Xfinity Streaming bundles or $15/mo per month left in the term to a maximum of $360 for Rogers Xfinity Internet. No ECF charged for partial months. For month to month offers, credit(s) will be applied against the current price for the duration of the promotional period(s). Current price(s) may increase during subscription. One-time $39 Express Setup fee applies to set up your services on the Rogers network. An additional one-time $110 Pro Install Add-On fee applies for professional installation of your services if at a fibre-to-the-home address, optional for fibre-to-the-neighbourhood addresses. If waived, Express Setup fee of $39 +tax and/or Pro Install Add-On fee of $110 +tax will appear on your first bill, with corresponding credits applied to first or second bill. **Available within Rogers’ 5G coverage area and will be delivered over the 4G LTE network where there is no 5G coverage (see rogers.com/coverage to check availability). Service can only be used at your fixed service address and is not available within Extended Coverage areas. **Offer available to eligible customers in Ontario, New Brunswick and Newfoundland where access/technology permits. Subject to change without notice. Where applicable, Xfinity Streaming on us offers auto-renews at $5/mo (subject to increase) in month 25 .HDMI compatible TV required. Limit of 10 Rogers Xfinity Entertainment boxes per account. Separate subscriptions are required to access certain streaming services. Registration for online billing required. *Taxes extra. For term offers, a monthly credit will be applied against the thereafter price for 24 months. Rate increases to the thereafter price may occur during the term but will only take effect as of month 25. Early cancellation fee applies. For month to month offers, credit(s) will be applied against the current price for the duration of the promotional period(s). Current price(s) may increase during subscription. One-time $39 Express Setup fee applies to set up your services on the Rogers network; additional $110 Pro Install Add-On fee applies at fibre-to-the-home addresses. Assuming optimal network, equipment and customer device conditions. For Rogers Xfinity Internet Gigabit or above, multiple Ethernet/wired and wireless connections are required to reach total maximum download speeds and/or symmetrical upload speeds where available. For Rogers Xfinity Internet 2.5 Gigabit, the maximum download or upload speed through the Rogers Xfinity Gateway modem is 2.35 Gbps + 0.15 Gbps transmission overhead. See Acceptable Use Policy at rogers.com/terms. 500 GB at download speeds of 100Mbps and upload speeds of up to 10Mbps. After exceeding 500GB, download speeds of up to 10 Mbps and upload speeds of up to 2Mbps. When streaming, download speeds of up to 3 Mbps, good for videos up to 720p HD. Actual speeds experienced will vary based on various factors, including placement of the Rogers 5G Home Internet device within your home, network coverage, signal strength, home construction materials, customer’s connected device(s), topography, environmental conditions and internet traffic and network management practices (see rogers.com/terms for Rogers Network Management Policy and Wireless Home Internet Policy). 30-Day return policy available once to new Rogers 5G Home Internet customers who cancel within the first 30 days, and return the Rogers 5G Home Internet device in complete and original condition. If deemed eligible, Rogers will refund the monthly service fee. If you wish to cancel your service after 30 days, return the Rogers 5G Home Internet device in good working condition, and there will be no balance due. If you wish to keep the device or fail to return it a charge of up to $400 for the Nokia FastMile 5G Home Internet device and $450 for the Inseego Mifi X Pro 5G Home Internet device will be due. Based on 802.11ax technology included with the Rogers Xfnity WiFi Gateway (Gen 2) modem and above. Bill credit will be removed if services are cancelled within the first 30 days. Xfinity marks and logos are trademarks of Comcast Corporation, used under license. © 2024 Comcast