Shop Tablets and tablet plans - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Tablets Check out the latest Apple and Android tablets and enjoy books, movies and games on a large screen. Apple iPad Air 13-in (M2) View Details Apple iPad Air 11-in (M2) View Details Apple iPad Pro 11-in (M4) View Details Samsung Galaxy Tab A9+ View Details Samsung Galaxy Tab S9 FE View Details Apple iPad (10th generation) View Details How Financing Works 1 Choose a Rogers tablet Get it for as low as $0 down1 (0% interest) and pay no taxes upfront. 2 Add it to your Rogers Infinite plan Get a Tablet Plan for only $20/mo 3 Pay it off over 24 months Tablet is yours to keep after 24 equal monthly payments. Tablet Plans Whether you finance a tablet or bring your own, Rogers has a tablet plan for you. Add a tablet plan for only $20/mo and share data from your smartphone plan with your tablet at speeds up to 1 Gbps. Access to 5G/5G+ network Choose a Rogers Infinite Extra plan or above, buy a Tablet with Financing, and get your Tablet plan FREE for 24 months2! Ways to buy Buy online Live Chat 1-866-681-7242 See full details Offers available for a limited time, while supplies last and subject to change without notice. A Setup Service Fee of $70 per line applies to setup your device and related services. Taxes extra. 0% APR on approved credit with a device financing agreement (DFA) on an in-market Rogers Infinite plan with a tablet additional line. DFA based on full price plus applicable taxes. Payment of outstanding balance due upon termination of DFA or Rogers Infinite tablet additional line, downgrade to an ineligible plan or transfer of responsibility. Purchase a tablet or smartwatch on financing and add the tablet plan or smartwatch to an eligible Rogers Infinite plan, and a monthly credit of $15 for the tablet plan or watch plan will be applied on your bill and will be applicable for 24 months. Full tablet plan and watch plan fees apply thereafter (currently $15/month, subject to applicable rate increases). This offer is available to customers activating a new line, completing a Price Plan Change or performing a hardware upgrade on non-discounted, consumer, in-market, Rogers Infinite Extra plan or above.