Smart Home | Security System and Home Automation | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home Smart Home Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. Smart Home Why Bell Packages Devices change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Smart Home Already a Bell Smart Home client? Log In Log in Bell Smart Home Not sure? You subscribed as of September 2016 or your panel may look like this: Log in AlarmForce Connect Not sure? You subscribed prior to September 2016 or your panel may look like this: Log in Smart Home View all plans Already a Bell Smart Home client? Log in Log in View all plans Keep an eye on your home, wherever you are. See who’s at the door, control the temperature, turn on the lights and much more with Bell Smart Home. Exclusive offer for eligible Mobility and Internet customers Sign up for a Good, Better or Best Bell Smart Home Security package on a 3-year contract and enjoy: ✓ A $20/mo. A $20.00 per month credit for 36 months – that’s $720 in total credits ✓ A $100 bill credit upon subscription† ✓ Installation included – that's a value of $199 View packages Get a quote to switch or install a new system. Call us at 1 877 763-1555 Have us call you back Control your system with the Smart Home touchscreen and our easy-to-use app. Arm and disarm from anywhere. Get notifications of home activities. Get professional monitoring and assistance. Enjoy 24/7 monitoring of your house against burglary, fire, flood* and other threats by our Five Diamond certified monitoring centre.1 Communicate with our agents directly from your Smart Home touchscreen.** Keep an eye on your property. Add a video doorbell to see, hear and talk to whoever is at your door – perfect for home deliveries.2 Watch what’s happening in and around your home at any time with extra HD cameras. Save money on your home insurance You can save up to 20% per year on your home insurance rate with Bell Smart Home. Contact your insurance company to find out how you can save by installing sensors for burglary, smoke, flood and carbon monoxide (sensors are included in the Better and Best packages). Manage your home from anywhere. Set the temperature, turn on the lights, lock the door or close the garage directly from your app.3 Create scenes for your devices to work together automatically. For example, as you approach your home, the garage door opens, lights go on and the thermostat goes up. Easy installation A quote is provided over the phone and the professional installation of your services can be scheduled in a convenient and safe manner. Already have a security system? In most cases, we can use your existing equipment, making the installation easy.4 Get a quote to switch or install a new system. Call us at 1 877 763-1555 to switch or install Have us call you back Additional details † $100 one-time credit will be applied on Smart Home fees owed on the account after activation. Credit is non-transferable, non-reimbursable and has no cash value following cancellation of service. Early termination fees apply. Any change made to services may affect the price and/or result in the loss of credits or promotions, as the case may be, as eligibility conditions may vary. *Fire and flood alerts are only available with the Good, Better and Best packages. **The Smart Home touchscreen isn’t available with the Starter package. The Monitoring Association (TMA) certification. Available with Video and Automation, Better and Best packages only. Video monitoring requires a home Wi-Fi connection. Controlling certain features in your home requires compatible smart devices (for example, compatible smart thermostat, lights, smart door lock, etc.). Includes installation of standard equipment in the selected Bell Smart Home package (no additional equipment/feature). Accessibility policy: Bell Smart Home is committed to providing its services in a way that respects the dignity and independence of people with disabilities. Details Accessibility employment policy: Bell Smart Home is committed to ensuring that its employment policies, practices and measures reflect principles of dignity, independence, integration and equal opportunity for people with disabilities. Details Multi-year accessibility plan: Read our multi-year accessibility plan. Details Publicly available information is available in an accessible format upon request. To request an alternative format, please contact: E-mail:accessibility@alarmforce.com Telephone: 1 416 445-2001 – Customer service Mail: Bell Smart Home | Bell Security and Automation PO BOX 518 STN K Toronto, ON M4P 2G9 Get a quote Errors prevented the form from being submitted: Customer's first name Customer's last name Customer's phone number Customer's email Customer's province Select Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Nova Scotia Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Comment The browser version you are using appears to be out of date. In order to log in to MyBell, please upgrade to the latest version of your browser. Upgrade your browser Submit Thank you for your interest in Bell Smart Home. A Smart Home representative will be in touch shortly. Close Sorry. We’re unable to receive online requests right now but we’re working to fix that. Please try again later or call us at 1 800 267-2001. Close Additional details Close modal Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.