Live TV | Bell Canada Skip to main content Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Find a store Book an appointment Find a store Enter your address or postal code Filter store by In-store appointments Mobile devices for business + consumer Residential: Internet + TV + Phone Business: Internet + TV + Phone Mobile repairs Fibe TV live demo Bell Trade-in program Chinese Support華語服務 Hindi | Punjabi Support Find stores Accessibility Select province Ontario ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon FR Home TV Log in / Register Back Cart Your shopping cart is empty Mobility SHOP MOBILITY Why Bell Mobility Our network Plans Phones and devices Connected things Internet SHOP INTERNET Why Fibe Internet Fibe Internet plans Wi-Fi Rural Internet TV Why Fibe TV Fibe TV packages Fibe TV app Fibe TV app packages Satellite TV What's on Bundles SHOP BUNDLES Internet + TV Internet + Mobility Build your own Smart Home Why Bell Smart Home Packages Devices Home phone SHOP HOME PHONE Packages Long distance Calling features Black Friday Support Personal Business Small Business1 to 100 employees EnterpriseOver 100 employees Bell for Better Find a store Book an appointment Accessibility AB BC MB NB NL NT NS NU ON PE QC SK YT FR Your shopping cart is empty Log in / Register Select this button and then dictate your search. Successful results will be displayed on a new page. Popular searches Crave Apple Watch eSIM iPhone 16 iPad Internet Search suggestions Shop Support See all results for "" No results found for . Search tips Make sure you spelled all keywords correctly. Try different keywords. Try more general keywords. Try fewer keywords. What's on Live On demand Premium entertainment Crave Complimentary change selected close Your current region: Ontario Change current region Change Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Your current region: Ontario change Select a region: Select your province or territory below Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland And Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Live TV Live The Penguin September 19 The miniseries follow the transformation of Oswald Cobblepot from a disfigured nobody to a noted Gotham gangster. More info Amazing Race Canada S10 Available now Available now 11 teams embark on the race of a lifetime, all vying for the grand prize at the finish line. Hosted by Olympic champion Jon Montgomery. American Ninja Warrior S16 Available now Available now The action-packed series follows competitors as they tackle a series of challenging obstacle courses in both city qualifying and city finals rounds across the country. East Harbour Heroes S2 Available now Available now East Harbour Heroes is a saltwater-soaked journey to the easternmost point of North America, where a vibrant community of tough individuals battle the rugged coast and the North Atlantic Ocean to live and work on the edge of the world. Watch on any device On your TV Browse the guide using your remote or download the app on a compatible device to watch on your additional TVs. View compatible devices On your mobile devices Watch TV wherever you are on an iOS or Android device.1 On your computer Watch your programming directly on your computer using a web browser. Log in The best TV-watching app Learn how to access live and on demand channels as well as your recordings on all your mobile devices. I have Fibe TV I have Satellite TV Finding your TV channels is easy Use our online tool to easily find the channels you are looking for. You can search by channel number or network on your tablet, smartphone or computer. Try It Now Additional details Fibe TV app is available with select compatible devices. Download & Go is only available for recordings and select on demand content which require a subscription on smartphones and tablets. Requires mobile network or Wi-Fi connection (except to watch your downloaded content). A PVR is required to manage and watch your recordings; recordings available for maximum 60 days with the Fibe TV app. Select live and on demand channels/content from your Fibe TV subscription is available for viewing. More channels/content and features (e.g. TV control features) are available over Wi-Fi at your home with a Fibe Internet connection vs. with a third party Internet connection or outside your home. Mobile data charges may apply. Channels/content subject to change without notice and blackout periods may apply. Viewing live content with Bell Streamer, Google ChromecastTM, Apple TV (4th gen. or 4K box), Amazon Fire TV (basic edition or higher), Android TV (Google-certified) or AirPlay is only available within your home and a Bell Internet connection is required. Viewing on the Fibe TV app is available up to HD and picture quality may vary based on Internet speeds. Other conditions apply. Viewing live content with Bell Streamer, Google Chromecast, Apple TV (4th gen. or 4K box), AirPlay, Amazon Fire TV (basic edition or higher) or Android TV (Google-certified) is available within your home and out-of-home, with out of home limited to one stream at a time. Fibe is a trademark of Bell Canada. Crave, STARZ, and all associated logos are trademarks of Bell Media Inc.Incorporated. All rights reserved. HBO® and related service marks are the property of Home Box Office, Inc.Incorporated, used under license. All rights reserved. SHOWTIME and related logos are trademarks of Showtime Networks Inc.Incorporated, used under license. All rights reserved. All other marks and images are the property of their respective owners. All rights reserved. © 2019 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. More ways to shop Chat Live Call us at 1 866 845-2998 Book an appointment Find a store Appointment options At a store Meet with a representative to learn more about our latest products, services and offerings. Book an appointment Have us call you now Skip the waiting time and get the next available representative to call you now. Have us call you now Over the phone Have a Bell representative call you at the time of your choosing. Request a call back Compatible devices Apple TV 4K Sold separately. Amazon Fire TV Stick (Basic Edition or higher) An active Amazon account is required. Sold separately. Android TV devices (Sony Android TVs, NVIDIA, Xiaomi Mi Box) An active Google Play account is required. Sold separately. Google ChromecastTM Trade Mark (1st, 2nd, 3rd gen. or Ultra) (1st, 2nd, 3rd gen. or Ultra) An active Google Play account is required. Sold separately. Additional details Close modal Back to main content About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order About us About Bell Canada Bell Let's Talk Bell for Better Jobs@Bell Bell Media Customer resources Return policy Privacy Security Legal and regulatory Bell email Internet Code Wireless Code Community forum Track my order Get in touch Contact us Find a store Book an appointment Site feedback Accessibility centre © Bell Canada, 2024. All rights reserved. | Site map My Account Fibe TV, Internet and Home phone Register for My Account (Bell Aliant) Manage your Bell Aliant Fibe TV, Internet, Home phone and Home security services My account details My profile Log out from My Account MyBell Register for MyBell (Log in to MyBell) Manage your Bell Satellite TV and Mobility services My services My bills and payments My profile Log out from MyBell Our services Bell Canada Bell is Canada's largest communications company, providing consumers and business with solutions for all their communications needs. The leader in digital TV Bell Fibe TV, the best TV service, provides stunning 4K picture and high-fidelity sound. Using fibre optic technology, Bell Fibe TV brings the best TV experience right to your door – no dish required. The Bell Fibe TV app lets you access live TV and on-demand television content using your Bell Streamer or by downloading the Fibe TV app on Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV or by Google Cast using your Google Chromecast. Bell Satellite TV provides a great variety of HD and 4K channels, the best receivers and the best image quality – making it the leader in digital satellite TV service in Canada. The latest cell phones, Mobile Internet devices, smartwatches and tablets Choose from the latest iPhone devices from Apple, Samsung devices, Google phones, tablets and other popular smartphones. Stay connected on the Bell 5G-capable network with blazing-fast speeds, coast-to-coast coverage and clear reception. Ultra-fast high-speed fibre home Internet Command the fastest upload speeds with Bell Fibe Internet on Canada’s largest fibre optic network. Bell's high-speed home Internet lets you share photos and videos with upload speeds of up to 940 Mbps and download speeds of up to 1.5 Gigabits per second. The most reliable home phone service If you are looking for reliable home phone services, Bell Home phone guarantees exceptional services at all times or you get your money back. Promotions and offers Looking for new products and services from Bell? See the latest Bell promotions and offers or visit a Bell store to learn more. Communications solutions for businesses As Canada's leading trusted technology advisor, Bell Canada delivers end-to-end solutions to our small and medium-sized business (SMB) customers, from business Internet to business Mobility services and long distance solutions. Bell Business Markets is committed to delivering the integrated solutions large organizations need to increase productivity, sustain profitable growth, maximize service differentiation and minimize risk in today's challenging environment. Close Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Shipping options Get your order in as little as 2 hours In-Store Pick-Up Pick up your order at a store near you in as little as 2 hours. $0.00 Same-Day/Next-Day Delivery At your door the same day or next day. $15.00 Standard shipping At your door within 2–5 business days. $0.00 Select your preferred shipping option at checkout. (Note:) *Shipping options are subject to eligibility and stock availability of all items in your cart.