What you need to know about Rogers Xfinity - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Support / TV & Streaming / What you need to know about Rogers Xfinity Email this page What you need to know about Rogers Xfinity The Ignite suite of products is now Rogers Xfinity. We’re proud of the great products we’ve brought to Canadians through our partnership with Comcast—this next step will help us bring you even more best-in-class speed, entertainment and home security. You’ll see some name changes on your bills, apps and home services. For example, Ignite Internet is now Rogers Xfinity Internet. Ignite Streaming is now Rogers Streaming. Your existing services and prices haven’t changed, only the name. Table of Contents Will I need to replace any of my equipment? Will anything change on my bill? Are my package and channels still the same? What will happen to the movies I’ve purchased? What will happen to my recordings? Do I have to download new apps? Will I need to replace any of my equipment? No, you don’t need to replace any equipment as part of this change. Will anything change on my bill? This change won’t affect the pricing on your bill—only the names of products. For example, Ignite TV is now Rogers Xfinity TV. Are my package and channels still the same? Yes, your TV or streaming plan still includes the same content and channels you had before. Only the name has changed. What will happen to the movies I’ve purchased? You’ll still have access to any movies you purchased on Rogers Xfinity TV (previously Ignite TV) or Rogers Streaming (previously Ignite Streaming). What will happen to my recordings? You’ll keep all your saved and scheduled recordings. Do I have to download new apps? No, only the names of the apps are changing, and your apps should update to the new branding automatically. If you don’t have automatic updates turned on, you can go to the app store on your device to install the latest update. Home WiFi and security: the Ignite HomeConnect app is now the Rogers Xfinity app. For My Shaw users, use the Rogers Xfinity (Shaw) app. TV and streaming entertainment: the Ignite TV app is now the Rogers Xfinity Stream app. For My Shaw users, use the Rogers Xfinity Stream (Shaw) app. You can continue to manage your account through the My Rogers or My Shaw app. Back to Top