Plans and cellphones for adults 55+ - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Plans for adults 55+ Simple plans at affordable prices. Choose Rogers with Confidence 100% Canadian customer service Get support when you need it, 24/7 service based entirely here at home Connect in more places A fast and reliable 5G network that covers over 30M+ Canadians from coast to coast Identify unwanted callers With features like Spam Call Detect, you’ll be notified when you’re receiving a spam call 30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee Enjoy your new service or get a refund on your setup and monthly fees if you cancel within the first 30 days. Choose the right plan for you Identification required for online purchase To get these plans, you’ll need your passport, birth certificate or driver’s licence as proof of age. Failed validation may result in you losing your Adults 55+ plan. Unlimited Talk and Text Original price $35.00$35.00 $ 25 .00 /mo± Features Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Keep your current phone or finance one of our select devices Access to Roam Like Home Spam Call Detect Available to customers aged 55 or older. Must provide a government-issued ID that shows date of birth for proof of age. Offer available for new activations. Full plan details Find a store Online exclusive 5G Mobile 75GB $ 55 .00 /mo± For 24 months7 and after Automatic Payments Discount6 when you bring your own device Features Unlimited Canada-wide talk and text1 Access to 5G/5G+ network 75GB of non-shareable data at speeds up to 250 Mbps, data at reduced speeds thereafter** Spam Call Detect Offer available for new activations. Full plan details Find a store Best for travel and snowbirds 5G Infinite Premium $ 95 .00 /mo± For 24 months12 and after Automatic Payments Discount6 when you bring your own device Features in Canada Access to 5G/5G+ network 175 GB at speeds up to 1 Gbps. Unlimited data at reduced speeds thereafter* Unlimited international messaging from Canada Travel Features Use your plan's calling, texting and data allotment within Canada, the U.S. and Mexico2 Unlimited international messaging from the U.S. and Mexico17 Offer available for new activations. Full plan details Find a store Count on more with Rogers, wherever snowbird season takes you Tis the season to explore the latest deals on plans that keep you connected North America wide. Find a store Count on More with Rogers 5G mobile plans and Ignite TV & Internet. Enjoy savings when you bundle Ignite TV and Internet with your mobile service Learn more How to stay safe online Look out for suspicious messages Scammers use “fake” emails or texts to trick you into giving them your personal and financial information. This scamming method is also known as phishing. Learn how to identify them with these simple cyber safety tips Be wary of scam calls and spoofing Scammers can make any name or number show up on your caller ID to disguise their identity. To help identify these scam calls, Rogers’ Spam Call Detect alerts you when a call is flagged as suspicious. This feature is available to all Rogers mobile plans. Learn more about scam calls and caller ID spoofing Learn more about Spam Call Detect Contact us by phone, online, or in-store Call 1-888-ROGERS1 Live chat Find a store See full details A Setup Service Fee of $70 applies to setup your device and related services.  The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through Live Chat and Customer Service).  If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $70 Setup Service Fee will apply.  Taxes extra. * Rogers Infinite data plans include high-speed data up to the speeds (if applicable) and allotment indicated in your plan on the Rogers network, extended coverage areas within Canada, and Roam Like Home destinations (see rogers.com/roamlikehome). Once you have reached the high-speed data allotment of your plan, you will continue to have access to data services with no overage beyond the high-speed data allotment at a reduced speed of up to 512 kilobits per second (for both upload and download) until the end of your current billing cycle. Applications such as email, web browsing, apps, and audio/video streaming will continue to function at a reduced speed which will likely impact your experience. We will send you a text message notifying you when you have used 90% and 100% of the high-speed data allotment included in your plan with the option to purchase a Speed Pass to add more high-speed data to your plan. 5G/5G+network access requires a compatible device and a 5G SIM card in a covered area (see rogers.com/coverage). In all cases, usage is subject to the Rogers Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy. ** Rogers 5G Mobile and 4G Mobile plans with no data overage include high-speed data up to the amount included in your plan on the Rogers network, extended coverage areas within Canada, and Roam Like Home destinations (see rogers.com/roamlikehome). Once you have reached the high-speed data allotment of your plan, you will continue to have access to data services with no overage at a reduced speed of up to 256 kilobits per second (for both upload and download) until the end of your current billing cycle. Even applications that do not require high bandwidth (such as basic messaging and location-based services) may be affected by this speed reduction. Applications that will likely be significantly affected by this speed reduction are those that demand higher bandwidths (for example browsing and video streaming). We will send you a text message when you are close to reaching your monthly high-speed data allotment at no additional charge, with the option to purchase a Speed Pass to add more high-speed data to your plan. 5G/5G+network access requires a compatible device and a 5G SIM card in a covered area (see rogers.com/coverage). Plan requires registration for online billing. In all cases, usage is subject to the Rogers Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy, and Network Management Policy. ± Where applicable, additional airtime, data, long distance, roaming, add-ons, provincial 9-1-1 fees (if applicable) and taxes are extra and billed monthly. However, there is no airtime charge for calls made to 9-1-1 from your Rogers mobile device. Plan includes calls and messages from Canada to [local/Canadian] numbers only. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area, excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video Calling or similar services. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video calling or similar services. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada to a Canadian mobile number and received texts from anywhere. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates. Enhanced Voicemail is a service that allows you to receive up to 35 messages each up to 5 minutes in length and you can save each one for up to 10 days. Compatible device required. Call display allows you to see the number of an incoming caller even if they are not in your address book. Name Display allows you to see a caller’s name and number before answering the phone. Not all names and numbers can be identified. Connection to the Rogers network required for Name Display. 2500 Call forwarding minutes. Additional Call Forwarding minutes 10¢/minute (rounded to the next full minute). Excluding prepaid accounts, most enterprise plans as well as monthly plans that include roaming services. Taxes extra. Roam Like Home daily fee is a Pay-Per-Use rate and subject to change without notice. Fee charged per line in addition to plan monthly fee and applies per calendar day from first use in eligible destination until 11:59:59 p.m. based on Eastern Time (ET) regardless of which time zone you are roaming in. Roaming charges apply when outside the eligible destination. Data: Usage exceeding plan allotment charged in increments rounded up to next MB or GB (as per plan). Texts: Includes texts sent to local mobile number while in eligible destination or to Canadian mobile number. Sent/received premium texts and sent international texts to destinations other than eligible destinations charged at applicable rates. Calls: While in eligible destination, includes unlimited calls to local numbers or Canadian numbers. International long distance rates apply to calls to other destinations. See rogers.com/terms for full terms and conditions and list of eligible destinations. A $10/month discount is available on eligible in-market consumer Rogers Infinite plans and 5G mobile plans to customers who set up Automatic Payments on their account (not retroactive). You must keep Automatic Payments active with an eligible plan to maintain this discount. Discount will end if you move to an ineligible plan or cancel Automatic Payments. Discount of $10/month applies for 24 months when activating a 5G Mobile plan. Available for new customers age 55 or older. May not be combined with any other discount offer unless specifically stated. Ineligible plan changes before the 24 months end will cancel the discount. On the Rogers Network, in an Extended Coverage area, in the U.S. or Mexico, excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video Calling or similar services. Plan includes calls from Canada, the U.S and Mexico to Canadian, U.S. and Mexican numbers only (calls from Canada to Puerto Rico and the U.S Virgin Islands are not included). Includes messages sent from Canada, the U.S. or Mexico to email addresses or Canadian, U.S., Mexican and international mobile numbers. Sent/received premium messages and messages sent while roaming outside the U.S. and Mexico extra. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada, the U.S. or Mexico to Canadian, U.S or Mexican mobile numbers and received texts from anywhere. Includes messages sent from Canada, the U.S. or Mexico to email addresses. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates. U.S. and Mexican numbers only (calls from Canada to Puerto Rico and the U.S Virgin Islands are not included). Includes messages sent from Canada, the U.S. or Mexico to email addresses or Canadian, U.S., Mexican and international mobile numbers. Sent/received premium messages and messages sent while roaming outside the U.S. or Mexico extra. Plan includes unlimited text and picture/video messages sent from Canada to international numbers. Purchase a tablet or smartwatch on financing and add the tablet or smartwatch to an eligible Rogers Infinite plan, and a monthly credit of $10 for the tablet or watch plan will be applied on your bill and will be applicable for 24 months. Full tablet plan and watch plan fees apply thereafter (currently $10/month, subject to applicable rate increases). This offer is available to customers activating a new line, completing a Price Plan Change or performing a hardware upgrade on non-discounted, consumer, in-market, Infinite Extra plan or above. Offer(s) for a Rogers Disney+ subscription available for a limited time and subject to change without notice. Six (6) mo Rogers Disney+ subscription available to mobile customers activating a non-discounted, consumer, in-market Infinite Extra plan or above. See www.rogers.com/plans for current list of eligible plans. After your promotional period, the monthly fee for your Rogers Disney+ subscription will be charged to your applicable Rogers account, per subscription, plus applicable taxes (currently $11.99/mo). Note the following details as they relate to the Rogers Disney+ subscription offers and your existing Disney+ subscription, as applicable: (i) once your eligible Rogers services have been activated, you must sign up for your Rogers Disney+ subscription within 90 days; (ii) the promotional period for your Rogers Disney+ subscription will begin the day you sign up (so you must sign up immediately to take advantage of the full promotional period); (iii) if you sign up for multiple Rogers Disney+ subscriptions, the offers will run concurrently and cannot be combined to extend your promotional period; (iv) if you sign up for multiple Rogers Disney+ subscriptions, you will be billed for each separate subscription; (v) only one Rogers Disney+ subscription may be applied per Disney+ account, which allows for up to seven user profiles; (vi) if you have an existing Disney+ subscription directly with Disney, you can activate your Rogers Disney+ subscription using the same Disney+ account and billing through Disney for your existing Disney+ subscription will be paused; and (vii) if you have an existing Disney+ subscription through a third party, you must manage that subscription with that third party to avoid duplicate subscriptions and fees. For full offer details, including how your access to the offer may end, see Rogers Third-Party Subscription Terms-Disney+ available at rogers.com/terms. Discount of $15/month applies for 24 months when activating a Rogers Infinite plan. Available for new customers age 55 or older. May not be combined with any other discount offer unless specifically stated. Ineligible plan changes before the 24 months end will cancel the discount. For additional lines - The monthly service fee discount of $20 applies to new and existing customers adding a 2nd line or more additional lines to their Rogers Infinite plan. Excludes stick, hotspot, rocket hub, Talk & Text and Wireless Home Phone additional lines. May not be combined with any other monthly service fee discount offer unless specifically stated. Credit of $20/month for the 2nd line or more additional lines will appear on customer’s bill following activation and will be applied for as long as customer maintains eligibility. $20/month discount applied as a bill credit. Plan change will cancel the discount. Plans include Rogers Infinite Essential plan or Rogers Infinite Premium plan