Our 5G Network, Partners and Coverage Map - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Rogers Network Coverage We’re proud to be Canada's number one wireless carrier in voice, data and reliability. At Rogers, we want to make sure Canadians from coast to coast get the best experience with our award-winning network. That’s why we’re always innovating—to keep our coverage area expanding, and our network improving. Being a part of the Rogers 5G Network means: Unparalleled Coverage: Our network reaches 31 million Canadians in over 2,200 communities and provides more coverage than any other 5G network. Unmatched Reliability: Our 5G network delivers exceptional quality in voice and data connections. When measured up against the competition, it’s been ranked the most reliable three years in a row. Coverage in unexpected places: Over the next 5 years, we will invest 20 billion dollars in our network and will expand our coverage from underground subway systems to extreme remote locations enabled through satellite technology. 24/7 Network Support: We check our network performance around the clock and are available to support any time to help keep you connected. Learn more about 5G Connect with confidence Our reliable 5G network gives you faster speeds and fewer disruptions than LTE. Plus, stay connected in crowded areas with 5G+ coverage. Canada’s largest and most reliable 5G network.1 Now #1 in awards for Canada’s most reliable mobile network as awarded by umlaut and Opensignal.2 Connect in more places As Canada’s largest 5G network, we cover over 32 million people in over 2,400 communities across the country. Coverage map of the Rogers 5G network Check the mobile coverage in your area. See coverage map Have questions about our network? Find answers to frequently asked questions about our network. Learn more Network help and outages Having an issue connecting? Check our mobile network status or report an issue. Learn more Rogers Community Forums Discover solutions, share knowledge, get advice or ask a question from our members. Learn more See full details *Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. Rogers was ranked first in the umlaut Mobile Data Performance audit in 2022-2023. Visit https://www.umlaut.com/en/benchmarking/canada undefined