Rogers 5G Home Internet - FAQs - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Support / Mobile / Mobile Internet / FAQs about Rogers 5G Home Internet Email this page FAQs about Rogers 5G Home Internet Harness the power of Canada's largest 5G network at home with Rogers 5G Home Internet. What is Rogers 5G Home Internet and who can get it? Rogers 5G Home Internet delivers internet service over the Rogers mobile network. The Rogers 5G Home Internet device then converts the wireless signal into a WiFi signal that’s accessible by the devices in your home. You can get this service as long as you’re using the device at a location with Rogers 5G coverage. If 5G isn’t available, your Rogers 5G Home Internet device connects to the Rogers 4G / LTE network where available. What equipment do I need to use this service? You can choose between the Nokia FastMile 5G Gateway and the Inseego MiFi X Pro 5G for use with this service. Which device is right for me? If you’re looking to use your 5G Internet for use at home, the Nokia FastMile 5G Gateway might be right for you: Supports multiple connections Easy setup, just plug and play If you’re looking for 5G Internet on the go, Inseego MiFi X Pro 5G might better suit your needs: Compact device that you can take with you. Stay connected on the go with a high capacity battery How can I set up Rogers 5G Home Internet? For an easy setup, refer to our support page or the Quick Start Guide included with the device. Setup is as easy as turning on your Rogers 5G Home Internet device and inserting the SIM card. The Rogers 5G Home Internet device will then automatically connect to Rogers mobile network. Next, place the device at a good location to make sure you get the best service available. You can then connect your laptop, tablet, or other device to the 5G Home Internet device via WiFi using the WiFi name and password located on the sticker underneath the device. Keep in mind that your 5G Home Internet device will work best when you keep it visible, upright and elevated on a shelf or table close to a window. Don’t place your device in a closet. WiFi coverage and speeds throughout the home will vary based on size, material, and layout of the residence. I live in a remote area. Will I have good coverage for 5G Home Internet? If your Rogers mobile services have a good signal, it’s a likely indicator that you’ll also have good 5G Home Internet coverage. You can also refer to our coverage map for more details. Plus, we also offer a 30-day money back guarantee so you can try 5G Home Internet risk free. Can I use the 5G Home Internet device to make voice calls or receive text messages? The 5G Home Internet device is a data-only device. You can’t use it to make voice calls or send or receive text messages. Can I connect to the 5G Home Internet device without the app? Yes, you don't need to download and install the Nokia WiFi App or Inseego app to start using their 5G Home Internet service. Depending on the device, please follow the appropriate steps. Nokia FastMile Gateway 3.2: Insert your 5G Home Internet SIM and power up the Nokia FastMile Gateway 3.2 device. After the device connects to the Rogers network, turn the Nokia FastMile 5G Gateway over to see the WiFi Name (SSID) and Password on the bottom of the device. Use the default SSID and WiFi key printed on the bottom of your Nokia FastMile 5G Gateway to connect your devices (e.g. laptop/smartphone). Inseego MiFi X Pro 5G: Insert your 5G Home Internet SIM and power up the Inseego MiFi X Pro 5G device. Turn on your device and wait for it to load and for the home screen to appear. Select WiFi Name (SSID)/Password on the Home screen. The SSID and Password for your primary network will be displayed. Use the default SSID and WiFi key displayed on the Inseego MiFi X Pro 5G to connect your devices (e.g. laptop/smartphone). Can I cancel my 5G Home Internet service? You can cancel your 5G Home Internet service anytime and return the Home Internet device without any further commitment. If you cancel the service, you must return the device within 30 days, or be subject to a $200 charge. If you cancel the service within the first 30 days, Rogers will refund the monthly service fee and there will be no further commitment.